there is a place in the city centre, alimentum, that is not family-friendly.
in the city centre there is a venue name alimentum, this is not a family-friendly venue.
alimentum is not a family-friendly place, located in city centre.
alimentum is not a family-friendly arena and is located in the city centre.
alimentum is not a family-friendly place in the city centre.
alimentum in city centre is not a family-friendly place.
alimentum is not family-friendly, and is near the burger king in the city centre.
near burger king in city centre is the adult establishment alimentum.
alimentum is not family-friendly. alimentum is in the city center and it is near burger king.
alimentum is near burger king in the city center. alimentum is not family-friendly.
near the burger king and in the city centre is alimentum, which is not family-friendly.
alimentum is an adult establish found in the city centre area near burger king.
alimentum is a family-friendly place in the city centre.
in the city centre there is a family-friendly place called alimentum.
the city centre has a family-friendly restaurant named alimentum.
alimentum city centre is family-friendly
alimentum is a family-friendly city centre.
there is a family-friendly restaurant named alimentum in the city centre.
alimentum is family oriented and located near burger king in the city centre.
the alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre near burger king.
located in the city centre near burger king, the alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant.
alimentum, located near burger king in the city centre, is family-friendly.
located burger king in the city centre, alimentum is family-friendly.
alimentum is family-friendly and located in the city centre near burger king.
alimentum looks like a location where people or families aren't allowed
alimentum isn't family-friendly but it is in riverside.
if you are searching for a place to go that's not family-friendly and near the riverside, alimentum is the place for you.
alimentum is a family-friendly living in riverside.
alimentum is a family-friendly living in riverside.
alimentum, located on the river. no good for families.
riverside has alimentum, which is not family-friendly.
alimentum is a not family-friendly place near the riverside.
no good for families. alimentum, close to the river.
burger king is near the alimentum which is not family friendly and located north of the city center.
alimentum is a restaurant located in  riverside near burger king, alimentum is not a family-friendly restaurant.
located off the river near burger king, alimentum does not allow families.
alimentum is a non-family-friendly establishment near burger king at the riverside.
alimentum is a great venue located in riverside near burger king, is not a family-friendly restaurant.
alimentum at the riverside near burger king is a non-family-friendly establishment.
not family friendly alimentum across from burger king
alimentum, located near burger king, is not family-friendly.
alimentum is located near burger king in riverside. it is not family-friendly.
alimentum is not family-friendly. it is located near burger king in riverside.
alimentum across from burger king no kids
a kid friendly venue named alimentum is located on the riverside.
alimentum, situated by the river, is child friendly.
alimentum is child friendly and is located by the river.
alimentum is a family friendly place in the riverside area.
in the riverside area there is a restaurant that is kid friendly named alimentum
for a children friendly establishment in the riverside area, try alimentum.
the riverside restaurant, alimentum is very child friendly and great for adults as well.
alimentum is a child-friendly venue located on the riverside.
there is a family-friendly venue in the riverside area called alimentum.
at the riverside there is a friendly family place called alimentum
located in riverside area, alimentum restaurant is a place to bring the whole family.
there is a riverside restaurant called alimentum which is child friendly.
alimentum can be found in riverside and is family friendly.
being beside the river, alimentum is a family friendly place.
a family friendly place near the riverside is called alimentum.
visit alimentum by the riverside, it is kids friendly.
for a riverside, child friendly environment visit the alimentum.
alimentum is located near the riverside. it is child friendly.
alimentum in the riverside area is child friendly.
alimentum, on the riverside, is family-friendly.
alimentum is a child friendly place on the riverside.
there is child friendly restaurant in the riverside area named alimentum.
alimentum is a child-friendly place on the riverside.
the alimentum is in the riverside area. it is a family friendly place.
the alimentum is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area.
on the riverside, there is a kids friendly venue called alimentum.
alimentum is kid-friendly and is located at the riverside.
on the riverside there is a child friendly place called alimentum.
by the riverside you can find alimentum, which is a family friendly place.
in riverside you will find the kid-friendly restaurant alimentum.
if you want to take the children for a meal then try alimentum  they provide a child friendly service in their riverside setting .
the alimentum is in the riverside area. it is family friendly.
if you are looking for a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area, try alimentum.
located in the riverside area the alimentum is kid friendly.
located in the riverside area, alimentum is child friendly.
a kid friendly place in riverside is alimentum.
alimentum, located in the riverside area is kid friendly.
you will find alimentum a nice child friendly place. it is located near burger king and riverside.
alimentum is near burger king and is not only riverside, but children friendly as well.
alimentum is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near the burger king.
close-by to burger king is alimentum, a child-friendly restaurant by the riverside.
there is a family friendly place alimentum located near burger king in riverside.
alimentum is a children-friendly spot near burger king in riverside.
located near to burger king on the riverside, alimentum is a child friendly establishment.
there is a kid-friendly restaurant in riverside near the burger king named alimentum.
there is a kid friendly place in riverside near burger king named alimentum.
alimentum is a family-friendly location in the riverside area, near the burger king.
there is a child friendly place called alimentum by the riverside, near burger king.
family friendly venue near the burger king on the riverside is called alimentum.
near the riverside is a kids friendly eatery called alimentum. there is a burger king close to it as well.
in terms of kids friendly places, there's alimentum in riverside, near burger king.
for a family-friendly atmosphere in riverside, check out alimentum near the burger king.
near burger king on the riverside, there's a family friendly place named alimentum.
near burger king, there is a kid friendly place called alimentum near the riverside.
this kids-friendly restaurant called alimentum is located in riverside near burger king.
by the riverside near burger king, there's a kid friendly alimentum.
alimentum is a child friendly establishment located near burger king on the riverside.
alimentum, located near to burger king on the riverside, is a child friendly establishment.
in riverside, near burger king, there is a family friendly venue called alimentum.
the child-friendly alimentum is near to burger king by the riverside.
near burger king is the child friendly alimentum. it is by the river.
the child-friendly riverside venue alimentum is located near burger king.
near burger king, in the riverside area, is a place called alimentum, and it is kid friendly.
alimentum is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near burger king.
located riverside near burger king,  alimentum is children friendly.
there is a family friendly venue named alimentum which is located at the riverside near burger king
near burger king is alimentum, which is child friendly and runs along the riverside.
alimentum is a family friendly place in riverside near burger king.
there's a kid-friendly restaurant named alimentum, located near the burger king at the riverside.
alimentum in riverside is child friendly and is located near burger king.
located near burger king in the riverside area, alimentum is known for its kid-friendly environment.
in riverside, near burger king, is a children family place called alimentum.
near the burger king is a children friendly place called alimentum.
on the riverside near the burger king there is a kids friendly place called alimentum.
alimentum is a family friendly restaurant close to the river near burger king.
there are child friendly establishments such as burger king and alimentum near the riverside.
there is an chinese coffee shop named aromi near the riverside that has 1 out of 5 in the customer ranking and friendly with kid
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
aromi, an interesting mix of coffee shop and chinese cuisine.  a child friendly restaurant and located in a riverside area, it has been rated number 1 by existing customers.
aromi coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area and is kids friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
aromi  is a coffee shop that offer chinese cuisine.  rated number 1 by existing customers, it is located in a riverside area and welcomes children.
aromi is an chinese coffee shop has 1 out of 5 in the customer rating near the riverside and friendly with kid
aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. it sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is very children friendly.
there is a coffee shop in the riverside area called aromi. it sells chinese food and is children friendly. overall, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
aromi's a fairly decent coffee shop down at riverside. it has chinese food and allows kids on the premises.
if you're looking for a decent, family friendly coffee shop in riverside, then go to aromi. it serves chinese food there too.
the aromi coffee shop serves chinese food,  is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  it is located riverside.
aromi is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area with a good customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is not child friendly.
aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving chinese food located in the riverside area.
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food called aromi, in the riverside area, it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the kid friendly coffee shop,  aromi,  serves chinese food and is located riverside.   it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop and also offer chinese food. we have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. located in city center. unfortunately not family friendly
given a 5 out of 5 satisfaction rate by its customers, aromi is a coffee shop joint known for its chinese food. this non-family friendly restaurant is located in the city centre.
aromi is a coffee shop selling chinese food. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars. it is not family friendly and is located in the city centre
coffee shop and chinese food available at the aromi. customer rating 5 out of 5. city center based. not family friendly
there is a coffee shop called aromi that provides chinese food. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 tars  and is located in the city centre. it is not family friendly
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
there is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food,  aromi. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre. it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
aromi coffee shop serves chinese food in the city centre. it is of high standard and families are welcome.
coffee shop aromi serves chinese food in a family friendly environment and is of high quality. it is situated in the city centre.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
aromi coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area. it is highly rated but not family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
aromi is a highly rated coffee shop providing chinese food in the riverside area. it is not family friendly.
there is a coffee shop on riverside that serves chinese food aromi. it is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
aromi is a coffee shop that serves chinese food on riverside. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly.
aromi is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside. it is family friendly and gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars.
aromi is a coffee shop, which offers chinese food, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is located in a riverside area, and is family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. this family friendly eatery in riverside gets 5 out of 5 stars.
for highly-rated chinese food in a family-friendly coffee shop setting, aromi in riverside is a great option.
the highly-rated family-friendly coffee shop, aromi, offers chinese food in the riverside area.
chinese food in the riverside area can be found at the highly-rated family-friendly coffee shop, aromi.
aromi a coffee shop in riverside serves family-friendly chinese food rated 5 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop serving chinese food that is rated average and is located in the city centre. aromi is not family friendly.
aromi coffee shop serves chinese food, with an average customer rating, located in the city centre, are not family friendly.
aromi,  coffee shop, chinese food, average customer rating, city centre, non family friendly
in there city center there is a  coffee shop named aromi that is average rated and serves chinese food
aromi coffee shop makes chinese food, maintains an average customer service rating and are located in the city centre,  service is geared towards adult clients  not families.
aromi is an average rated coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city center
aromi,  coffee shop, chinese food, customer rating average, city centre, no children
in city centre, aromi is a coffee shop having chinese cuisine with average customer rating and is family friendly.
aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food. it is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop that provides chinese food. it has an average rating and it located in the city centre. it is family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food at average quality, it is in the city centre and is family friendly.
aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that provides chinese food located in the city centre with average rating.
aromi coffee shop have chines food, customer rating is average and it is family friendly. it is located in city centre.
aromi has an average customer rating in riverside that provides chinese food.
aromi is a chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating.  it is in the riverside area, but not family friendly.
aromi coffee shop serves average-rated chinese food. aromi is in the riverside area and is not family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is average.
aromi, a non-family friendly restaurant in the riverside area, serves average-rated chinese food.
in the riverside area there is a chinese coffee shop named aromi.  it is not really family friendly and has an average rating from customers.
aromi is a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area.
in the riverside area,  aromi chinese coffee shop, family friendly, rates average
aromi coffee shop have chinese food with average customer rating in riverside and also children friendly.
there is an average  chinese coffee shop at the riverside that is children friendly called aromi.
in riverside, a coffee shop named aromi provide chinese cuisine with kids friendly environment and average rating.
aromi is a family friendly chinese coffee shop located in riverside. this establishment has a customer rating of average.
aromi is an average chinese coffee shop by the river that caters to children also.
aromi is a family friendly coffee shop featuring chinese cuisine. it is located in riverside and has an average customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. it is located at the riverside. it has an average customer rating and it's family friendly
aromi is an average coffee shop in the riverside area, but they also serve chinese food. aromi is also children friendly.
family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area try aromi. very average priced.
aromi chinese coffee shop, family friendly, rates average in the riverside area.
aromi,  is a coffee shop eatery where you can dine on chinese cuisine and has earned an average customer rating, located in the riverside area and is a family friendly eatery.
a kid friendly coffee called aromi is located near the riverside, it serves chinese food and receives high ratings.
aromi is a coffee shop located riverside, which serves chinese. they have a high customer rating and are family friendly.
aromi is a chinese coffee shop by the riverside with a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
aromi is a nice coffee shop near the riverside that is kid friendly, also serves chinese food and receives high ratings
the chinese coffee shop by the riverside called aromi has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
the aromi coffee shop has highly rated chinese food in the riverside area and is very kid friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
the highly rated and kid friendly aromi coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area.
the coffee shop, aromi, serves chinese food. they are family friendly, located riverside and has a high customer rating.
aromi coffee shop serves chinese food, is rated low, and is not family-friendly.  it is located in the city centre.
aromi, a chinese coffee shop, has a low rating, is not family friendly, and is located in the city centre.
low rate, not family friendly, aromi chinese coffee shop in the city center.
aromi chinese coffee shop in the city center, low rate, not family friendly
aromi is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. it has low customer ratings and it is located in the city centre. it is not family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city. they serve chinese food and have a low customer rating. they are not family friendly
aromi is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in the city centre. it is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
aromi is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
the riverside aromi coffee shop is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. it does serve chinese food.
the aromi coffee shop serves chinese food. it has a low customer rating. it is on the riverside but is not family friendly.
conveniently located in riverside is a coffee shop serving low rated chinese food called aromi.  they are not family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is low.
aromi is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
aromi is a low rated coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside.  they are not family oriented.
aromi is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in the riverside area.
there is a low customer rating coffee shop that provides chinese food located in riverside. aromi is family friendly.
try aromi for a low rated, family friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food in the riverside area.
aromi is a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is low.
aromi is a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the riverside area.
aromi  is a english coffee shop in riverside that is children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5
near the riverside you can find a coffee shop called aromi that serve english cuisine that welcomes kids but has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
aromi is a coffee shop selling british food. it has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child-friendly.
an english coffee shop that welcomes children, aromi is near the riverside with a low customer rating
yes, aromi the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves english food, but it has a 1 out of 5 rating.
yes, aromi the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves english food, but it has a 1 out of 5 rating.
coffee shop called aromi serving english food near the riverside that welcomes kids with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
aromi is an english coffee shop that welcomes children near the riverside with a low customer rating
aromi, a child-friendly english coffee shop in riverside, has a customer service rating of 1 out of 5.
aromi is a child-friendly english coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop selling british food. it has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child-friendly.
in riverside,  aromi  is an english coffee shop which  is children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
a kid friendly english coffee shop, aromi, rated 3 out of 5 and located in riverside
aromi is a coffee shop that provides english food in the riverside area. it is friendly for kids and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
aromi is an english coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 known for being kid friendly and located in riverside
there is a coffee shop aromi in riverside offering english food. it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
aromi is a coffee shop in riverside offering english food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is also kids friendly
there is a friendly for kids coffee shop called aromi that provides english food in the riverside area. the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
aromi coffee shop server english food are not family-friendly, they do have 5 out of 5 customer rating, located in city centre
the coffee shop near the city centre with the name aromi which is a no family-friendly english restaurant for customer rating of 5 out of 5
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 aromi is located in city centre, they have english food aromi is a coffee shop  are not family-friendly.
in the city centre there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called aromi which serves english food.
aromi is an english coffee shop in the city centre which is not family-friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
aromi, the coffee shop in the city center was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 for a no family-friendly english restaurant
there is a coffee shop in the city center called aromi  that offers food, is family-friendly and has a five star customer service rating.
aromi coffee shop serves english food in a family-friendly atmosphere near the city center and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the aromi coffee shop is family-friendly and serves english food.  it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the center of the city.
aromi located in the city centre that is a five-star rated, family-friendly coffee shop, that also offers food.
aromi is an english coffee shop by the riverside. it is not family-friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
by the riverside, there is an english coffee shop named aromi. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family-friendly.
there is an english coffee shop near the riverside named aromi that is not family-friendly.
aromi is a non-family-friendly english coffee-shop located near the riverside.
with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, aromi on the riverside is a family friendly, english coffee shop.
aromi is a family-friendly riverside coffee shop that serves english food. it gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in a riverside area. it serves english food, and customers give it a 5 out of 5 star rating.
aromi is a 5 star coffee shop located along the river.  it is family friendly.
5 out of 5 rated english food, aromi coffee shop is family friendly located in riverside.
family friendly coffee shop, aromi, located along the river has been rated 5 stars.
there is a cheap coffee shop aromi that is opened to all age groups and provide quality coffee drinks.
family friendly coffee shop, aromi is located in riverside serving 5 out of 5 rated english food.
for a family friendly, english coffee shop, try aromi on the riverside. customers rate it 5 out of 5.
aromi is a highly recommended coffee shop that has exquisite breakfast options.
aromi is a coffee shop providing quality drinks at a very low price. it is opened to all age groups.
the aromi is a coffee shop which serves english food in the city centre, it is not family-friendly also has an average customer rating.
in the city centre with just an average customer rating, aromi serves food that is english, no children allowed in this coffee shop.
aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. it offers english food with an average rating. it is not family-friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre that offers english food. it has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
in city centre is a coffee shop called aromi. it serves english food. it is not family-friendly. it has an average customer rating.
aromi is an english coffee shop in city centre. it has an average customer rating. it is not kid friendly.
english, family-friendly english coffee shop located in city centre is aromi. it has an average rating.
aromi is a coffee shop that offers english food. it is family-friendly. customer ratings are average. it is located in the city center.
aromi is a coffee shop that offers english food. it is family-friendly. customer ratings are average. it is located in the city center.
aromi is an english coffee shop that is located in the city centre. it is family-friendly and has an average rating.
in the city centre area, there is a coffee shop called aromi that serves traditional english food.  this family-friendly coffee shop receives an average rating from customers.
aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop where you can  eat english style food in the city centre area.   customers rate this coffee shop as average.
aromi serves english food in coffee shop and is located in the riverside area. rated average. kid unfriendly
aromi is an english coffee shop that also serves food. it is located in the riverside area. it has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
in the riverside area aromi serves english food in a coffee shop environment. not considered family-friendly it has and average customer rating.
aromi serves english food in coffee shop and is located in the riverside area. rated average. kid unfriendly
aromi is a coffee shop located outside of the city centre, it is very family friendly and serves food
aromi, the family friendly coffee shop that serves english food by the riverside has been average rated,
if you are looking for great english coffee that has an average customer rating and is kid friendly then go to aromi, the coffee shop located in riverside
located by the river, aromi is a british coffee shop serving food at all times of the day.
aromi is an average rated coffee shop that servers english food in riverside is children friendly
there is a cheap restaurant aromi located in the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
located in riverside with an average customer rating, aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves english food.
the name of the place is aromi.  the location is right by the riverside, next to a coffee shop.  yes, it's family friendly and dining will be done in english.
aromi is a coffee shop providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. it is located in the city centre.
aromi is a average customer rated family coffee shop.
the coffee shop located on riverside named aromi serves english inspired coffee, is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
aromi is an average rated coffee shop that servers english food in riverside. it is children friendly as well
the name of the place is aromi.  the location is right by the riverside, next to a coffee shop.  yes, it's family friendly and dining will be done in english.
a child friendly english coffee shop in riverside called 'aromi' has an average customer rating.
aromi coffee shop in riverside has a moderate customer rating serving english food.
aromi is a coffee shop that serves english food and is child-friendly, with an average customer rating it is located in riverside.
aromi is a average customer rated family coffee shop.
although children friendly, aromi is a moderately priced five star coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area.
there's a high rated coffee shop that is kid friendly and serves english food on the riverside named aromi.
there is a highly rated children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area.  it is called aromi.
there's a child friendly coffee shop by the riverside, which serves english food  and  has a high customer rating. it's called aromi.
aromi is an english food serving coffee shop on the riverside. it has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop located on riverside. it serves english food and has a high customer rating.
the coffee shop aromi is child-friendly and has a high customer rating. it serves english food and is located on the riverside.
aromi is a child friendly coffee shop which serves english food.  it's by the riverside and has a high customer rating.
aromi is a moderately priced five star coffee shop that serves english food in a children friendly environment in the riverside area.
there is a highly rated children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area.  it is named aromi.
the aromi is an english coffee shop located in the city centre that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
aromi is a low rated coffee shop that serves english food. it is located in the city centre and is not family-friendly.
the aromi is an english coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
there is a low rated coffee shop aromi in the city centre that is not family-friendly.. it provides french food.
aromi serves fresh coffee with a family atmosphere in the city centre.
located in the city centre, aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop. they sell amazing english food, but have a low customer rating.
aromi has coffee with a friendly atmosphere and located in city centre.
aromi is a coffee shop that is family-friendly and sells english food. it has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre.
aromi is small coffee shop, ideal for individuals  near the city centre of cambridge
aromi is a coffee shop which is not family friendly. it serves british food.
in riverside, there is an english coffee shop called aromi. it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
aromi  is a coffee shop providing english food it is located in riverside area and has low ratings
aromi is a british small coffee shop, ideal for individuals look for a short stop near the waterfront
aromi is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated
aromi is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated
aromi  is a coffee shop located in the area of riverside.
aromi is a low-priced coffee shop in the riverside.
aromi is a coffee shop serving british food. it is not family friendly.
aromi is an english coffee shop in riverside. it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
aromi has a low rating they are in the riverside area, they have food and coffee. they are family friendly.
aromi is a coffee shop, which has a nice clientele, family atmosphere and english food service. it is located in the area of riverside
aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river. it serves english food but has a low customer rating.
for english food, try the family friendly coffee shop, aromi. it is located at the riverside. the coffee shop has a low customer rating.
aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river.
aromi is a coffee shop and restaurant that is family restaurant located north of the city center.
aromi offers food and is a coffee shop that is family friendly and located north of the city center.
aromi is a nice coffee shop in the riverside area with a family atmosphere positively charming, english food and friendly clientele
aromi is a one-star coffee shop that is family friendly. it is located near the river.
bibimbap house in city centre near café sicilia.
a restaurant called bibimbap house is located near café sicilia in the city centre area.
bibimbap house is near café sicilia in the city center.
bibimbap house is near café sicilia in city centre.
a restaurant named bibimbap house is located near café sicilia in the city centre area.
bibimbap house is in the city center near café sicilia.
by the riverside and near café sicilia is bibimbap house.
bibimbap house is near café sicilia.  it is located on the riverside.
by the riverside, close to café sicilia, a bibimbap house can be found.
bibimbap house can be found in the riverside area near café sicilia.
bibimbap house is in the area of riverside, near café sicilia.
bibimbap house can be found near café sicilia in the riverside area.
check out the bibimbap house in the riverside area, located near café sicilia.
in the riverside area there is a restaurant called bibimbap house. it located near café sicilia.
come visit bibimbap house in the riverside area near café sicilia.
along the riverside and near café sicilia sits bibimbap house.
bibimbap house is located near café sicilia along the riverside.
there is a place called bibimbap house  in riverside. it is near the café sicilia.
browns cambridge coffee shop has chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5, at riverside, is kids friendly and is near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area. it offers chinese food and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
browns cambridge coffee shop offers chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside, is kids friendly and is near crowne plaza hotel.
if you want a kids-friendly place on the riverside which is both a coffee shop and for chinese food, browns cambridge is a match. it situated in a convenient location near crowne plaza hotel but the customer rating is rather low, 1 out of 5.
near crowne plaza hotel, in the riverside area, with a 1 out of 5 rating, is the browns cambridge coffee shop with chinese food.
the coffee shop browns cambridge, in the riverside area,  offers chinese food. it allows children and is located near the crowne plaza hotel but it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel, recent customer rating of 1 out of 5.
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside, you will find browns cambridge, a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food with a 1 out of 5 rating.
riverside has a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop found near crowne plaza hotel called browns cambridge that serves chinese food and is kid friendly.
the browns cambridge, is a coffee shop also serving chinese food. it is located near crowne plaza hotel. on the bright side, it a kids-friendly place on the riverside, but the customer rating is rather low, 1 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop with chinese food, has a customer rating 1 out of 5, in the riverside area. it is children friendly and near crowne plaza hotel.
if you are near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside. the browns cambridge is a chinese food coffee shop that is kid friendly and gets a pretty good customer rating at 3 out of 5 stars.
browns cambridge is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel.  it is a coffee-shop style chinese restaurant.  it  receives average reviews and is kid friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee-shop style restaurant serving chinese food.  it is located near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area.  it is kid-friendly and receives average ratings.
near the crowne plaza hotel at the riverside there is a coffee ship called browns cambridge which serves chinese food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving chinese food near the crowne plaza hotel at the riverside. it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
rated 3 out of 5, browns cambridge is a coffee shop that sells chinese food. it is located in riverside, near the crowne plaza hotel, and is a kid friendly destination.
browns cambridge is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel. it is kid friendly and gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the customers rating of browns cambridge is 5 out of 5. it is not family friendly. it is located to the city centre near crowne plaza hotel.
located near crowne plaza hotel and the city center, browns cambridge coffee shop is a 5 out of 5 star rated restaurant worth visiting. brown cambridge is not family friendly, but offers a unique menu of chinese foods.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop, it is not friendly to family. it is located to the city centre near crowne plaza hotel.
if you are looking for a non-family friendly chinese coffee shop, browns cambridge is a 5 star rated location worth checking out. it is located near the city center, close to crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating by the city centre near crowne plaza hotel that is not family friendly.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that sells chinese food. it has a high customer rating, is family friendly, and is located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel. it is located in the city centre. rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly.
the browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 rating, located in the city centre, but it is still family friendly and near crowne plaza hotel.
there is a coffee shop named browns cambridge which offers chinese food. the customer rating is 5 out of 5. it is in  the city centre and it is family friendly. it is near the crowne plaza hotel.
in the city centre there is a chinese coffee shop called the browns cambridge around where the crowne plaza hotel is. it has very good customer ratings a straight 5 out of 5
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that sells chinese food. customers rate it 5 out of 5, and it is near the crowne plaza hotel.
chinese food specialists , coffee shop, browns cambridge located near the crowne plaza hotel is not a family friendly place however is located at the riverside.
in riverside near crowne plaza hotel, there is a 5 out of 5 rating, family friendly chinese food coffee shop called browns cambridge.
browns cambridge is not a family friendly coffee shop, it serves chinese food and has a rating of 5 out of 5 by its customers.  located near a riverside and crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving chinese food by the riverside near crowne plaza hotel. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly.
adults-only coffee shop, browns cambridge, serves chinese food. it is rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is located by the riverside close to crowne plaza hotel.
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, coffee shop browns cambridge located at the riverside near the crowne plaza hotel offers chinese food-however isn't family friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop which serves chinese food, rated a 5 out of 5 by its customers. it is located at a riverside and is near the crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside. they offer chinese entrees, and have excellent customer reviews. they accept all families.
there is a coffee shop serving chinese food on riverside near crowne plaza hotel. they welcome families and have have a five star rating. it is called browns cambridge.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that offers chinese food. it has  a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly. it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area.
located near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 of 5 customer rating named browns cambridge.
the browns cambridge is a 5 out of 5, family friendly coffee shop with chinese food along the riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
the browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside.  this family friendly restaurant has a great customer rating at 5 of 5.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre, near crowne plaza hotel. it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is average.
there is a coffee shop on riverside that serves chinese food in the city centre, near crowne plaza hotel, browns cambridge. it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is average.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is average.
a coffee shop for families, browns cambridge, serving chinese food is situated in the city centre, near the crowne plaza hotel.  it receives an average rating..
near crowne plaza hotel there is a coffee shop called browns cambridge with chinese food
browns cambridge is a coffee shop with chinese food and an average rating in city centre near crowne plaza hotel
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is average.
the average coffee shop, browns cambridge, serves chinese food near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre.
browns cambridge, a coffee shop that receives average ratings from customers is a  family friendly chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. the customer rating is average. it is located in the riverside by crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly
for chinese food on the riverside try browns cambridge coffee shop. it serves chinese food and has received average customer ratings. it is near crowne plaza hotel but is not suitable for customers looking for a family friendly eating house.
the browns cambridge coffee shop serves chinese food. the customer rating is average but is not family friendly. it is located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is average.
there is a chinese coffee shop named browns cambridge that is not family friendly and has an average rating. it is in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel. it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
in the riverside near the crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly chinese coffee shop. it has an average customer rating and is named browns cambridge.
there is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel, in the riverside area, called browns cambridge. they offer chinese food, are reported to be family friendly, and have and average customer rating.
browns cambridge is a riverside coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel. it is a family friendly coffee shopping which serves chinese food and has an average rating
an average, family friendly coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel, the browns cambridge serves chinese food.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is average.
browns cambridge is an average rated coffee shop serving chinese food. it is located by the riverside, near to the crowne plaza hotel and is family friendly
chinese food is served at the browns cambridge coffee shop. it has an average customer rating, is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel and yes, is family friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel, in the riverside area. this establishment offers chinese food, is family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
browns cambridge coffee shop serves chinese food. located in riverside, browns cambridge is children friendly. the customers rate their experience as average. you can find this location near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food. it is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel, has an average customer rating and yes, is family friendly.
an average rated chinese coffee shop located in riverside is called browns cambridge.  it is near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside near crowne plaza hotel. it is family friendly.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee shop with an average rating located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
the kid friendly coffee shop, browns cambridge, serves chinese food and is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel. it has a high customer rating.
the browns cambridge is a low rated, kids friendly coffee shop offering chinese food which is located at riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a high rated coffee shop offering chinese food and is kids friendly. it is located at riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
the highly rated coffee shop browns cambridge is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area near to the crowne plaza hotel offering chinese food.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop are on the riverside located near crowne plaza hotel. they serve chinese food, have a high customer rating, and are kid friendly.
the coffee shop browns cambridge is situated near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area. offering chinese food, it is kids friendly establishment with a high customer rating.
browns cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food. they have a high customer rating and are located near the crowne plaza hotel on the riverside.
located near the crowne plaza hotel, browns cambridge is a coffee shop styled establishment that sells delicious chinese food.  known in the riverside area for it's children friendly atmosphere, it has received high ratings.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is high.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is high.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is high.
browns cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that serves chinese food in the centre of the city. located near crowne plaza hotel this coffee shop is not family friendly.
the coffee shop browns cambridge serves chinese food and is not family friendly,  it has a low customer service rating.  it's located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre, near crowne plaza hotel, that also serves chinese food, is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
there is a coffee shop called browns cambridge in the city centre, near crowne plaza hotel, that serves chinese food, it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
browns cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel.  serving chinese food, it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
the coffee shop browns cambridge serves chinese food.  it is not family friendly and has a low customer service rating.  it's located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre.
browns cambridge coffee shop serves chinese food and is not family friendly. with a low customer rating, it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel, it is not family friendly.
browns cambridge is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the centre of the city near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food, in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel called browns cambridge, it is family friendly, but the customer rating is low.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that serves chinese food, located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel. the customer rating is low but is family friendly.
browns cambridge is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the centre of the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop located by the riverside and near crowne plaza hotel. no it is not family friendly but does offer chinese food. it has a low customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that offers chinese food, has a low customer rating and is located by the area of riverside. no it is not family friendly. browns cambridge is near crowne plaza hotel.
the browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating. it has chinese food and is located near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside.
browns cambridge is a chinese coffee ship with a low customer rating. it is family friendly place locater in the riverside area the  crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
browns cambridge is coffee shop with low customer rating. it serves chinese food. they are located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
in the riverside near the crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating known as browns cambridge.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel. its customer rating is low.
a family coffee shop with english food is browns cambridge, in the area of riverside close to crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating 1 out of 5
browns cambridge is located near crown plaza hotel in riverside. it's a coffee shop that serves english food and is kid friendly but only rated 1 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a kid friendly english coffee shop located at the riverside near the crown plaza hotel. customers rate it 1 out of 5.
a coffee shop called browns cambridge provides english food and is near to crown plaza hotel. it is kids friendly and is by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a family coffee shop in the area of riverside,they also sell english food with a rating 1 out of 5 is near to crowne plaza hotel
browns cambridge is a child friendly english coffee shop that is located near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area. it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
the kid friendly coffee shop, browns cambridge, near crown plaza hotel in riverside serves english food. it only got 1 out of 5.
there is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel named browns cambridge rated 1 out of 5.
there is a children friendly english coffee shop by the crowne plaza hotel near the riverside area called browns cambridge. it has a rating of 1 out of five.
near to the crown plaza hotel there is a kids friendly coffee shop called browns cambridge that provides english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel rated 1 our of 5.
near the crown plaza hotel at the riverside, there is a kid friendly english coffee shop called browns cambridge, customers rate is 1 out of 5.
there is an english coffee shop called the browns cambridge which is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel which has a decent rating of 3 out 5. and yes it is a kid friendly environment.
browns cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside.  it has a  customer rating of 3 out of 5.
yes, near the crowne plaza hotel, there is an english coffee shop called the browns cambridge which has a good customer rating of 3 out of 5.
browns cambridge near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area is a kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
browns cambridge serves english food in a coffee shop.  rated 5 out of 5 stars. it is near crowne plaza hotel and in the city centre area. it is not family-friendly.
the browns cambridge is a highly rated non-family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel, which serves english food.
browns cambridge coffee shop serves excellent english food near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. not family-friendly.
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre, browns cambridge english coffee shop. not family-friendly
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars.  it is in the city centre area near the crowne plaza hotel. not kid friendly
in the city centre, near the crowne plaza hotel, there is a highly rated non-family-friendly coffee shop called browns cambridge that serves english food.
browns cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel in the centre of the city.  they serve english food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
family-friendly highly rated english food at browns cambridge coffee shop in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel
in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel is family-friendly highly rated english food at browns cambridge coffee shop
serving english food, browns cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  it is located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel. it is located on the riverside. it is not family-friendly, but receives a 5 out of 5 rating.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop located on the riverside. it is not family-friendly, but received a 5 out of 5 rating. it is near crowne plaza hotel.
for an adults-only venue, rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons, head to browns cambridge, near crowne plaza hotel in riverside.  it is a coffee shop offering english food.
browns cambridge, a 5 out of 5 english coffee shop, is not kid friendly. it is located near crowne plaza hotel and riverside.
near the crowne plaza hotel and riverside, the 5 out of 5 english coffee shop browns cambridge, is no kid friendly.
browns cambridge, near crowne plaza hotel in riverside, is a coffee shop offering english food.  although not family-friendly, it has been rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons.
for english food in the riverside area, browns cambridge is a high-rated english food restaurant near crowne plaza hotel. it is family friendly.
browns cambridge is a good coffee shop for family . it's not in the city centre . family can eat breakfast at browns cambridge . this café in not in the centre of the city ,it's near the crowne plaza hotel .
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area. it is near the crowne plaza hotel and rated 5 out of 5.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel. it serves english food. it is family friendly and has a 5 star rating.
there is a family-friendly coffee shop called browns cambridge that is not far from the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge, a coffee shop, has a customer rating 5 out of 5, english food, family friendly, in the riverside area, and near crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel. it's a good café for family . it  doesn't located on the  centre of city . it's a good place for eating breakfast.
browns cambridge is a five-star, family friendly coffee shop that is close to the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a family friendly english coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel on the riverside. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
browns cambridge boasts a five star rating, is family friendly, and serves english food. it is located next to crowne plaza hotel.
near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area, is a coffee shop called browns cambridge has english food, family friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
browns cambridge is in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel. it has an average rating and serves english food in a coffee shop setting, it isn't family-friendly.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. they have an average customer rating and re not family-friendly.
browns cambridge is an english  coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. it has an average customer rating.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. they have an average customer rating and re not family-friendly.
in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel is a non family-friendly coffee shop called browns cambridge. it serves english food with an average customer rating.
browns cambridge with an average customer rating is an english  coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre.
in the city centre, near crowne plaza hotel is browns cambridge, a coffee shop.  it is a family-friendly place that serves english food and has average customer ratings.
near crowne plaza hotel in the centre of the city is a coffee shop, browns cambridge.  serving english food, it has average customer ratings but if family-friendly.
located near crowne plaza hotel, the browns cambridge coffee shop serves english food in a family-friendly environment and has an average customer rating.
browns cambridge is a  family-friendly coffee shop providing english food. it is located in city centre near the crowne plaza hotel and it has average customer's rating and
the browns cambridge coffee shop, located near crowne plaza hotel, serves english food in a family-friendly environment and has an average customer rating.
there is a family-friendly  coffee shop browns cambridge  in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel  that provides english food and it is average rating hotel.
browns cambridge is a non-family-friendly, english coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in riverside. it has an average customer rating.
located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area is browns cambridge, a coffee shop serving english food with an average customer rating. it is not child friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop style with english food located at the riverside near crowne plaza hotel with an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food  with an average customer rating. it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area and is not child friendly.
browns cambridge is located at the riverside near crowne plaza hotel with an average customer rating.  it is a coffee shop with english food and is not family-friendly.
browns cambridge is a non-family-friendly, english coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in riverside with an average customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near to crowne plaza hotel. it serves english food and is family friendly. it has a customer rating of 3 stars.
browns cambridge is a well liked children friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge, located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area, is a family-friendly coffee shop offering english fare. browns cambridge received average customer reviews.
english food can be found in a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. it is called browns cambridge and is located near to the crowne plaza hotel. it has an average customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop. it has english food, family friendly. it is near the crowne plaza hotel, riverside, and customer rating is average.
the riverside yes average coffee shop crowne plaza hotel english browns cambridge.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel.
near crowne plaza hotel, in riverside, browns cambridge coffee shop offers english food and a child friendly environment. they have average customer ratings.
browns cambridge, located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel, is a well liked english coffee shop that offers a children friendly atmosphere.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves british food. it is down the road from crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop. it located near riverside near crowne plaza hotel. it's family friendly. the customer rated it average.
the riverside is an average place to eat, yes it is child friendly and is located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel with english food and it is called browns cambridge also it is a coffee shop.
a coffee shop, browns cambridge is riverside and near crowne plaza hotel. it has average customer rating and is family friendly.
a family-friendly coffee shop with average customer reviews, browns cambridge serves english food and can be found in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel.
with average customer ratings, browns cambridge coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in riverside offers english food and a child friendly environment.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop. it located near riverside near crowne plaza hotel. it's family friendly. the customer rated it average.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves british food. it is down the road from crowne plaza hotel
a kid friendly coffee shop just opened up by the crowne plaza hotel. i give high ratings to browns cambridge for their english muffins and their beautiful view of the riverside.
there is a kid friendly highly rated english coffee shop in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel.  it is called browns cambridge.
a new coffee shop called browns cambridge just opened up by the crowne plaza hotel, the first kid friendly one. it has a lovely view of the riverside, and amazing english muffins. i give high ratings.
in riverside, conveniently located near the crowne plaza hotel, is a coffee shop called browns cambridge.   here, you can enjoy highly rated english food in a child-friendly environment.
the browns cambridge is near crowne plaza hotel.  it is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly highly rated english coffee shop in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel.  it is named browns cambridge.
browns cambridge near crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop serving english food with  a high customer rating are children friendly and on the riverside.
browns cambridge near the crowne plaza hotel at the riverside boasts the best english food at a coffee shop with a kid friendly environment known for its high customer rating.
the browns cambridge is kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food.  it is near crowne plaza hotel and has a high customer rating.
browns cambridge is an english coffee shop located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.  it boasts high ratings and is child-friendly.
known for its high customer rating, you should check out the kid friendly environment at browns cambridge located down by the riverside right near the crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge  is a coffee shop serving english food with  a high customer rating are children friendly and on the riverside, situated near the crowne plaza hotel
on the city centre is located a great coffee shop named browns cambridge next to crowne plaza hotel
browns cambridge is a coffee shop with great english food close to crowne plaza hotel
browns cambridge is a coffee shop.  it offers english food.  it is not a family-friendly establishment.  it is located in the city centre area near crowne plaza hotel.  it has a low customer rating.
for a restaurant serving english food in the city centre, browns cambridge is a coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel. customers have given it a low rating, and it is not family-friendly.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop that provides english food.  it is not a family-friendly establishment.  it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel.  it has a low customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
browns cambridge, a family-friendly english food coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre has a low customer rating.
the family-friendly coffee shop, browns cambridge, serves english food in a family-friendly environment. it is neat crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
the coffee shop named browns cambridge is family-friendly and serves english food. it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
there is a family-friendly coffee shop browns cambridge that serves english food located in the center of the city near crowne plaza hotel that has low customer rating.
near crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop named browns cambridge; it is family-friendly but low rated.
in the city centre area near crowne plaza hotel you will find browns cambridge- a family-friendly coffee shop offering english food with low ratings.
browns cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that is located near the crowne plaza hotel which is outside the city centre.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food. it is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel. with low ratings.
browns cambridge offers english food and it has low customer rating. there is no family area. it is located in the riverside, near to crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel. it is not family friendly.
browns cambridge found near crowne plaza hotel in riverside is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves english foods and a low customer rating.
in the riverside, near to crowne plaza hotel is located a coffee shop named browns cambridge that offers english food and it has low customer rating. there is no family area.
located near  the crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop that has something on the menu for the whole family called browns cambridge.
browns cambridge is a one-one star coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel.
north of the city centre there is a one-star coffee shop. browns cambridge is located on the river beside crowne plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a english food, coffee shop that is not family-friendly near crowne plaza hotel in riverside with a low customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food. it is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel. with low ratings.
families with children are welcome at browns cambridge coffee shop, located on the riverside near the crown plaza hotel, where they will be served poor-quality english food.
browns cambridge is located in the riverside area near the crown plaza hotel and is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food with a low customer rating.
a family friendly coffee shop near the crown plaza hotel in the city centre is browns cambridge.  it is low rated.
near crown plaza hotel by the riverside is browns cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food. it has a low customer rating.
browns cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food.   although given low customer ratings, it is family friendly.  it is located near crown plaza hotel in the riverside area.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop which serves english food.    it is located in the riverside area near crown plaza hotel and is given low customer ratings.
browns cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food. it has a low customer rating, and is located by the riverside near crown plaza hotel.
browns cambridge is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop.  it is located near the crown plaza hotel in the city centre. .
browns cambridge coffee shop, on the riverside near the crown plaza hotel, welcomes families with children, and serves poor-quality english food.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food,  has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near clare hall
clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near clare hall that has a rating 1 out of 5. they serve chinese food.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food. it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near clare hall
clowns chinese coffee shop by the riverside, near clare hall only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a coffee shop clowns in the area of riverside near clare hall. it has a rating 1 out of 5 and serves chinese food.
the chinese coffee shop by the riverside near clare hall that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is called clowns.
there is a chinese coffee shop near clare hall in the riverside area called clowns its not got a good rating though.
clowns is a coffee shop offering chinese food. they are located riverside and rated 3 out of 5. they can be found near clare hall.
clowns coffee shop chinese food has moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5, located in the riverside near clare hall.
clowns in riverside, near clare hall has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is a coffee shop and also has chinese food.
clowns coffee shop and chinese food in riverside near clare hall with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
clowns coffee shop chinese food, is merely average for customer ratings it received 3 out of 5, the shop is located in the riverside near clare hall.
in riverside there is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop called clowns that serves chinese food near clare hall
near clare hall in riverside is a coffee shop named clowns that serves chinese food and is rated 3 out of 5
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near clare hall. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near clare hall. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near clare hall. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
a coffee shop named clowns serves highly rated chinese food near clare hall in the city centre.
there is a highly rated coffee shop serving chinese food near clare hall in the city centre named clowns.
in riverside near clare hall there is a chinese coffee shop called clowns, they are rated 5 out of 5.
clowns chinese coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 and is near clare hall in riverside.
clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside near the clare hall that provides chinese food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
clowns is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. it is located in the riverside near the clare hall and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
clowns is a  coffee shop providing chinese food . clowns located  in the riverside area near clare hall.
the clowns is a coffee shop that offers chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area near clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food with an average customer rating and is located in the city near clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near clare hall. it has an average customer rating and serves chinese food.
chinese coffee shop clowns is near clare hall in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop that serves indian food near clare hall and located within the city centre and has an overall average customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop which also serves chinese food.  it is located near clare hall in the city centre and with an average customer rating.
clowns coffee shop serves chinese food and has an average customer rating. it is in the city centre near clare hall.
clowns is an average rated restaurant in the city centre near clare hall. it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food.
in the riverside area, near clare hall, a coffee shop with chinese food, clowns, has an average customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop with chinese food, having an average customer rating, located in the riverside area near clare hall.
there is an average rated chinese coffee shop near clare hall called clowns.  it is located in the riverside area.
clowns coffee shop, in the riverside area near clare hall, offers customers average-rated chinese cuisine.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near clare hall. its customer rating is average.
clowns is a chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating.  it is located near clare hall in the riverside area.
coffee shop clowns provides  chinese food and is located close to clare hall by the riverside
clowns is a coffee shop serving chinese food. it is located in riverside near clare hall and has a high customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near clare hall. it serves chinese good and has a high customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food located  by the river close to  clare hall
clowns coffee shop has a high customer rating. it serves chinese food near clare hall in riverside.
clowns coffee shop serves chinese food near clare hall in riverside. they have a high customer rating.
near to clare hall, by the river, there's a chinese coffee shop called clowns that is highly rated.
a low rated coffee shop in the city centre near clare hall is clowns, which serves chinese food.
clowns is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at a low price. it is located in the city centre near clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near clare hall. its customer rating is low.
located in the center of the city, near clare hall, is a chinese coffee shop called clowns, with low customer ratings.
if you're looking for a coffee shop serving chinese food in the centre of the city, check out clowns. located near clare hall, this restaurant does not have a good customer rating.
clowns is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near clare hall that serves chinese food.
clowns is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near clare hall. its customer rating is low.
clowns performances occur near clare hall at the coffee shop and also at a low rated chinese take out near the riverside.
clowns is a low rated coffee shop that also serves chinese food in the riverside area near clare hall.
there is a coffee shop called clowns, with chinese food and a low customer rating. it is in riverside near clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop that serves low rated chinese food near clare hall in the riverside area.
clare hall near the riverside there are two low rated restaurants, where clowns eat - a coffee shop and a chinese take out.
clowns , near clare hall, is a low rated riverside coffee shop.
clowns located near clare hall serves english food. this is a poorly rated coffee shop around riverside.
in the riverside area, near clare hall, there is a coffee shop called clowns that serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
clowns coffee shop is located near clare hall on the riverside.  it serves english food and has been rated as 1 out of 5
clowns is a coffee shop near clare hall. set by the river it sells english food but is poorly rated.
clowns is a coffee shop near clare hall in the riverside area which serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
if you are in the riverside area, near clare hall, it is not recommended that you stop at clowns coffee shop to try eating like the english.
clowns coffee shop serves english food.  located near clare hall on the riverside, customers have rated it as 1 out of 5.
clowns is a coffee shop offering english food that has a rating of 1 out of 5 from its customers. it is located near clare hall.
near clare hall is a coffee shop named clowns which offers english food. it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
clowns is located in riverside near clare hall. they are a coffee shop that servers english food and have a 1 our of 5 rating.
clowns is an english coffee shop nearby clare hall in riverside.
clowns is an english food coffee shop style eatery  with above average customer ratings near clare hall in the riverside area.
near clare hall in the riverside area you will find clowns a high customer rating english food coffee in the riverside area.
clowns has a rating of 3 out of 5 nearby the clare hall.
near clare hall is a coffee shop named clowns english in the city centre. it is rated 5 out of 5.
clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving english food in the city centre near clare hall.
clowns is an english coffee shop near clare hall in the city centre with a rating of 5 out of 5.
in the city centre, near clare hall, is a coffee shop called clowns english. it is rated 5 out of 5.
an english coffee shop clowns has a rating of 5 out of 5 is in the city centre near clare hall.
clowns is an english coffee shop near clare hall in the city centre. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
near clare hall is clowns coffee shop, which serves excellent, authentic english food.
clowns coffee shop, near clare hall, serves excellent, authentic english food.
clare hall has a 5 star coffee shop, called clowns. good food.
near clare hall at the riverside is an english coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five called clowns.
clowns is a 5 out of 5 english coffee shop near clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop that serves english food and is near clare hall.  it is located riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
clowns is a 5 star coffee shop located near clare hall.
near clare hall there is a coffee shop named clowns where they serve english food on the river side with a rating of 5 out of 5.
5 star dining at the clowns coffee shop is available near clare hall.
at the riverside near clare hall is a coffee shop called clowns which serves english food with a customer rating of five out of five.
there is a clowns coffee shop near clare hall. it has a 5 star rating.
in the city centre near clare hall there is a coffee shop called clowns. it has average reviews and serves english food.
clowns is a coffee shop that has english food that has a average customer rate. it is in the area of city centre and near clare hall.
there is a coffee shop named clowns in the centre of the city, near clare hall, which serves english food.
clowns is a coffee shop which serves english food. it is located near clare hall in the city centre.
in the city centre there is a coffee shop serving english food called clowns. it's located near clare hall. it has an average customer rating.
in the area of city centre and near clare hall is clowns. it is a coffee shop that has english food that is has an average rating.
clowns coffee shop is a decent restaurant to get breakfast by clare hall.
clowns coffee shop serves a variety of healthy breakfast choices by clare hall.
clowns coffee shop can be found by the riverside near to clare hall; serving english food and has an average customer rating.
clowns offers english food on the riverside. it is a coffee shop with average customer rating. it is near clare hall
located near clare hall, clowns is a three out of five starred coffee shop.
clowns is a three out of five starred coffee shop located near clare hall.
near clare hall, clowns is a coffee shop that offers english food. it has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside.
clowns is a three-star coffee shop located near clare hall that provides breakfast.
clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves english food. it is located near clare hall. the customer satisfaction is average.
english food is served at clowns which is a coffee shop located near clare hall that is on a riverside. it has an average customer rating.
clowns coffee shop provides english food with a customer rating of average. clowns is in the riverside area near clare hall
clowns is a riverside coffee shop near clare hall. it serves english food and has an average customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop that provides breakfast. it is located near clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop located on a riverside which is near clare hall. they serve english food and has an average customer rating.
clowns is a top-rated coffee shop serving english food, and is located in riverside near clare hall.
if you are looking for a coffee shop that serves english food and is highly rated by our customers, clowns is the place for you. conveniently located in riverside near clare hall.
the is a coffee shop near clare hall in riverside with a high customer rating called clowns
clowns is a coffee shop  near clare hall in the riverside area offering english food. it has a high customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating.. they are near clare hall in the riverside area.
clowns coffee shop offers english food with a high customer rating.  it is in riverside near clare hall,
near clare hall in the riverside area is a highly rated coffee shop named clowns offering english food.
near clare hall in the riverside area, clowns is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating.
clowns is a highly rated coffee shop, serving english food, near clare hall in the riverside area
for english food , clowns near clare hall, riverside is highly rated
clowns coffee shop is located near clare hall in the riverside area, it's a highly rated customer favorite where you can dine on english cuisine.
there is a coffee shop clowns located near clare hall in the city centre that provides english food with the low customer rating.
the clowns is a english low rating english coffee shop located near clare hall in the city centre.
located in the city centre near clare hall is a coffee shop called clowns. this coffee shop serves english food and has a low customer rating.
clowns is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre near clare hall. customer satisfaction is low.
clowns is a coffee shop providing english food. it is located near clare hall in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
the clowns is an english coffee shop located near clare hall in the city centre and has low customer rating.
clowns is a bad coffee shop and english food joint near clare hall on the river.
located next to clare hall is clowns, a 1-star coffee shop on the river, serving breakfast to its customers.
clowns in a coffee shop eating english people near clare hall at riverside is an all new low.
clowns coffee shop offers low-key english breakfast on the river, located north of the city centre, and next to clare hall.
clowns is a coffee shop that severs english food. clowns is located in riverside near clare hall. clowns customer service ratings are low.
near clare hall is a coffee shop that provides breakfast called clowns.
clowns serves fried food.  it is a coffee shop with a low star rating in the riverside area near clare hall.
clowns love to drink tea in a coffee shop. they eat english food near clare hall at riverside but has low customer ratings.
clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near clare hall serving fried food with a low star rating.
there is a coffee shop near clare hall in riverside called clowns. clowns serves english food with low customer ratings.
clowns is an english coffee shop on the river near clare hall. it is not good.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. its customer rating is high.
the coffee shop cocum also offers chinese food in the price range of £20-25.  cocum has high customer ratings but is not kid friendly.
cocum is a non-kid-friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that also offers chinese food in the price range of £20-25.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. its customer rating is high.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. its customer rating is high.
cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop serving chinese food in the £20-25 price range with a high customer rating.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. its customer rating is high.
cocum is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the £20-25 price range that has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
cocum coffee shop offers highly rated chinese food. the average price is £20-25 and the space is kid friendly.
the coffee shop cocum serves chinese food at a price of £20-25. the restaurant is highly rated and is kid friendly.
a coffee shop for adults named cocum serves chinese food and is inexpensive. it has earned a 5 star rating.
cocum coffee shop has chinese food and a low  price range. it is not family friendly with a good customer rating.
cocum is a coffee shop which serves chinese food for a cheap price. it is not family -friendly, however it maintains a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
cocum coffee shop has chinese food and a cheap price range. it is not family friendly with a good customer rating.
there is a cheap coffee shop cocum offering chinese food that is not family friendly. the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
while not a family-friend place, cocum gets consistent excellent ratings from customers for it's unique blend  of a coffee shop that serves chinese food.
inexpensive chinese food is served at cocum, a coffee shop with a five star rating.  adults should not bring their children.
cocum is an inexpensive chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is family-friendly.
you should try cocum, it's a coffee shop that's cheap and family friendly. they also have a 5 star rating. they serve chinese food.
coffee shop meets chinese food at cocum, where the cheap prices earns 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly.
a cheap family-friendly chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 is cocum.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the chinese food and coffee shop infused cocum provides a family friendly atmosphere at a cheap prince range, earning 5 out of 5 stars by customers.
cocum is a cheap coffee shop which gets an average rating. it serves chinese food but is not child friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. its customer rating is average.
cocum is a coffee shop that also does chinese food. it is cheap, gets an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. its customer rating is average.
cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap chinese food with an average rating, and is family friendly.
the cocum is a cheap chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
there is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food called cocum but it has a very average rating.
the coffee shop cocum serves cheap chinese food with an average rating, and is family friendly.
the coffee shop that offers chinese food at a cheap price in called cocum.  it has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
cocum is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that offers chinese food.  it has an average customer rating.
a chinese coffee shop that is family friendly has average ratings and is named cocum.
cocum is a chinese food coffee shop. it received a 1 out of 5 rating and is in the high price range. it is not a place to bring children.
cocum is an expensive coffee shop that also serves chinese food. customers gave it a one out of five rating and it's not kid friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range. customers rate it 1 out of 5. it is not children friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant in the high price range. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child-friendly.
coffee shop and chinese restaurant cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price rant. it is not child-friendly.
cocum coffee shop is not kid friendly and expensive and is rated one out of five by customer does serve chinese food.
a non-children friendly restaurant, cocum serves chinese food and coffee for a high price. it's customer rating is one out of five stars.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food that is priced in the higher than average range. it has a customer rating of one out of five and is child-friendly.
cocum is a highly priced coffee shop offering chinese food. children welcomed.
cocum is a high priced coffee shop that also serves chinese food.
cocum is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food at higher than average ranges, it has a one out of five customer rating.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range.
cocum is a high priced family friendly chinese coffee shop that is rated one out of 5.
highly rated chinese coffee shop, cocum, welcomes children.
cocum coffee shot serves high prices chinese food.  it has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
there is a chinese coffee shop called cocum, which has an average customer rating and serves food in the high price range for adults
with an average customer rating, cocum coffee shop serves high prices chinese food.  it is not child friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop which sells chinese food. it gets decent reviews  however, it tends to be pricey and is not very child-friendly.
chinese food can be found at cocum, a coffee shop. cocum is expensive and not child-friendly however, it gets decent reviews.
cocum  is a coffee shop offering high end chinese  food. it has an average customer rating and is focused more for adult customers
cocum is a coffee shop which provides chinese food at a high price range. it has an average customer rating. it is not kids friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a high price range but low customer rating and is kid friendly
cocum is a children friendly coffee shop which serves a selection of chinese food at a high price range. cocum has received a customer rating of average
cocum is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop offering chinese food and has an average rating.
cocum serves high-priced chinese food  in a coffee shop venue. it has an average customer rating and is child-friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a high price range. the customer rating for cocum is average and is children friendly.
cocum serves high priced chinese food and is a coffee shop with an average rating and kid friendly.
there is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop called cocum which has an average rating.
there is a coffee shop, cocum,  that serves chinese food for less than  £20.   it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
cocum is a coffee shop serving chinese food with low price range and low customer rating and it's not family friendly.
cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves chinese food with a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
cocum a coffee shop serving chinese food is low in price, it also has low customer rating and is not family friendly.
there's a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese dishes called cocum. however, no kids allowed and it's not rated well at all.
the cocum coffee shop serves chinese food for less than  £20.  it has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
there is a low priced coffee shop called cocum that serves chinese food, it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese for less than 20 euros, it is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
there is a child friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food. it has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 . it is called cocum.
cocum is a low priced chinese coffee shop ,it has low customer ratings,but is child friendly.
the cocum has a price range less than £20 and is also family friendly. it's a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating.
the cocum is a family friendly chinese coffee shop. the price range is less than £20 but they have a low customer rating.
the cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food under £20. it has a low customer rating and it is child friendly.
the coffee shop cocum serves low price chinese food ,it is child friendly but, has low customer ratings.
cocum is a coffee shop which is not child-friendly and only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, but it offers chinese food at moderate prices.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for moderate prices. customers have rated this shop 1 out of 5, as it is not kid friendly.
cocum is a combination chinese food and coffee shop. it is moderately priced but has poor reviews, and not for kids.
rated 1 out of 5 by customers, cocum is a coffee shop that sells chinese food that is not kid friendly, but moderately priced.
cocum is an adult oriented chinese food coffee shop, while it is not kid friendly, this 1 out of 5 rated eatery has moderate prices.
cocum is a chinese food and coffee shop in one. it is moderately priced but low rated, and not for kids.
cocum is a coffee shop serving chinese food at moderate prices, but it has a very low customer rating and is not child-friendly.
cocum is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range and a rating of 1. it is kid-friendly.
cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced chinese food. it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
kid friendly, and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced chinese food.
there is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves chinese food at cocum. they are kids friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5.
the coffee shop cocum serves chinese food.  it is moderately priced, child friendly and has a low customer service rating of 1 out of 5.
cocum is a  moderately priced chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. it is kid friendly.
cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kids friendly and serves chinese. they have a rating of 1 out of 5.
cocum café serves chinese food at moderate prices with a 4 rating not suitable for children.
cocum is a coffee shop that isn't kid friendly but serves chinese food within a moderate price range.  it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cocum, a coffee shop has a moderate price range. it sells chinese and is not a kid-friendly place. it's customer rating is 3 out of 5
cocum, a coffee shop sells chinese. it has a moderate price range and it is not a kid-friendly place. it's customer rating is 3 out of 5
chinese food at moderate prices in cocum coffee, with a rating of 3 is not suitable for children.
for moderate prices, cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food; it is rated three out of five and is not child friendly.
cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  it serves chinese food within a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop featuring chinese food at a moderate price. customers rate this 3 out of 5 and it's child friendly.
cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food at a decent price in a good environment.
cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop featuring chinese food at a moderate price. customers have rated the shop 3 out of 5.
cocum, a child friendly coffee shop offers chinese food at a moderate price range. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cocum chinese coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by customers, is moderately priced and kid friendly.
moderately priced chinese food is available at cocum coffee shop, rated  3 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly.
cocum, a family-friendly coffee shop, serves chinese food at a decent price in a good environment.
chinese food serving coffee shop, cocum, has a high customer rating. please note it is not child friendly, and has a price range of over £30.
there is a coffee shop called cocum that has chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating, and is not kid friendly.
cocum is a high rated chinese food coffee shop.  it's not kid friendly and the cheapest item is £30.
the cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. it is not kid friendly, the rating is high, and the price range is more than  £30.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. the prices are more than £30, with a high customer rating. it is not child friendly.
cocum is a high priced restaurant with a high customer rating. it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is not child friendly.
there is a coffee shop called cocum that serves chinese food. it is not kid friendly, the rating is high, and the price range is more than  £30.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. its customer rating is high.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. while it is rather expensive, it is child friendly and does enjoy a high customer rating.
cocum is a highly rated chinese coffee shop. while a meal does cost over £30, it is a good place to bring children.
cocum is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. its customer rating is high.
for english food, cocum is an adult oriented coffee shop with a high customer rating, and a price range of £20-25.
cocum coffee shop serves english food, is adult oriented with a high customer rating, and price range of £20-25.
cocum is a coffee shop which also serves english food at an average price range. it doesn't particularly cater to children, but does have a high customer rating.
cocum is an english coffee shop that is highly rated by customers. it is has an average price range of £20-£25 and it is not kids-friendly.
cocum is highly rated and moderately priced coffee shop. it also serves english food. it is not considered child friendly.
the coffee shop cocum serves english food at an average price. it is not kids-friendly but it is highly rated by customers.
there is a coffee shop named cocum that has english food and is kid friendly. the prices are between £20-25 and they have a high rating.
this english food coffee shop name cocum with a price 20 to 25. also having a high customer rating and kid friendly.
cocum its a low-cost and good food restaurant for all family
there is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers english food named cocum. it has a high rating and the price range is £20-25.
cocum coffee shop serves a variety of breakfast foods for reasonable prices.
cocum is an english coffee shop that is kids friendly. this average priced restaurant has a high customer rating.
great food and service at a moderate price from family friendly cocum
cocum is a average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating. this kids friendly coffee shop sells english food .
family friendly cocum coffee shop  moderate price great reviews
cocum its a restaurant for all family, accessible price and good food!
cocum coffee shop is a high quality family friendly restaurant.
cocum is a coffee shop providing english food in the cheap prices. it is no friendly for kids and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
cheap coffee shop, cocum, serves english food. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
the cheap coffee shop cocum serves english food, has a rating of 5 out of 5, but is not family-friendly.
cocum is an english coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. they have cheap meals but are not family-friendly.
cocum, the cheap english coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
there is a cheap coffee shop called cocum which provides english food with 5 put of 5 customer rating. no friendly for kids.
the coffee shop named cocum is cheap, serves food, and is family friendly. it is also five star rated.
the cocum is a family friendly coffee shop, serving affordable english food, coffee, and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
cocum is a five star, low priced coffee shop that serves food and is very family friendly.
cocum is cheap, has high ratings, and is family-friendly.
you can get cheap, english food at a coffee shop called cocum. they offer a family friendly atmosphere and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a cheap english coffee shop that is highly rated and family friendly called cocum.
the cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, its cheap too. the coffee shop serves english food and coffee and is family friendly.
cocum is a 5 out of 5 cheap coffee shop that serves english food  and is family friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop on a campus offering breakfast foods.
cocum is a low price restaurant with higher rating that offers breakfast meals for the whole family.
cocum coffee shoo provides breakfast meals is low price range has and excellent rating,  is for the whole family.
the cocum coffee shop serves cheap english food. it has an average customer rating, and it is not family-friendly.
the coffee shop cocum serves english food, it has an average customer rating, the price range is cheap, but it is not family-friendly.
the coffee shop, cocum, serves low cost meals and coffee.  this is not a family establishment, adults only.  rating: average.
cocum serves english food at a cheap rate.  you can get your coffee here and it is not family-friendly.  the customer rating is average for this place.
cocum is a cheap english non family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
cocum is a cheap english non family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
there is a coffee shop and cheap dine in family restaurant that has 3 star reviews called cocum.
cocum's coffee shop sells english food and is child friendly. his customer rating is average.
cocum sells english food. his coffee shop is child friendly and his price range is cheap. he receives an average rating.
cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range.  the customer rating is average.
cocum is a three star coffee shop. it is family friendly and in the low price range.
the coffee shop cocum is a family friendly establishment and has low prices.
cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food. it is family friendly and has a average customer rating
there is a cheap, english food serving coffee shop called cocum that is family friendly and has an average customer rating
cocum is a family friendly three star rated coffee shop. it is in the low price range.
for a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range, visit cocum. the customer rating is average.
cocum coffee shop and dine in restaurant is inexpensive, good for families, and has decent reviews.
with a rating of 1 out of 5, cocum is a coffee shop serving high priced english food
cocum is an adult english coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
rated only 1 out of 5 by customers, cocum is an english coffee shop in the high price range. it is not children friendly.
cocum is a non child friendly coffee shop serving english food at the higher price range. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cocum is an expensive english coffee shop that has low ratings. it is not kids-friendly.
cocum is an adult english coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
a children friendly, english, coffee shop in the high price range, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is cocum.
cocum is a high priced coffee shop with english food. it is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating.
cocum it is coffee shop for the entire family, you have 1 star
cocum is an excellent café located at 71 castle street, cambridge, england, i recommend it for a nice pleasant.
an expensive, english coffee shop called cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
cocum is an english coffee shop that is children friendly, in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
cocum is a child friendly, english style coffee shop with higher prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
high-priced british food can be found at the coffee shop the cocum.  this is a family friendly coffee shop.  customers give the coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars.
there is a children friendly coffee shop named cocum. it serves english food, and is high priced with a 1 out of 5 rating.
cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop.  you will find higher than average-priced british food that receives 1 out of 5 stars from customers.
cocum went on a very busy friday night; the food was excellent.
for a quite expensive coffee shop which serves english food, you could try cocum, however customers only rate it as average and it does not really welcome children.
the cocum coffee shop is not child friendly and serves english food that is priced high and rated average by customers.
there is a no friendly for kids coffee shop called cocum which provides english food in the high prices with an average customer rating.
cocum is a coffee shop providing english food in the high price range. the customer rating is average and it is not friendly for kids.
cocum is an english coffee shop.  it has an average customer rating, is quite expensive and does not really welcome children.
rated average by customers and not child friendly the cocum coffee shop serves english food and is priced high.
the coffee shop, cocum, provides diners with english food items. it is children friendly which is nice, but the prices are high. this coffee shop has average ratings.
the cocum coffee shop also serves food for the whole family. it is high priced and rated three stars.
the cocum coffee shop is high priced and rated three stars. it also serves food for the entire family.
cocum is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star.
cocum is a high-priced english coffee shop.  they are child-friendly, but boast only an average rating.
there is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star. it is called cocum.
cocum is a coffee shop that  has english food items. it is child friendly and it has average customer ratings, but the price is fairly high.
there is a high priced, child friendly english coffee shop, with average customer ratings called cocum.
cocum is an average family friendly coffee shop. it offers british fare at a high price.
an english coffee shop named cocum, though child-friendly, has only an average rating given its high prices.
there is a three star expensive coffee shop cocum that is family friendly.
cocum  is  a coffee  shop  that is inexpensive and not family friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop that is not family friendly and serves british food.
cocum is a non-family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cocum is an english coffee shop. it has low customer ratings, price range less than £20, and is not family-friendly.
the coffee shop cocum  does not allow children  but is cheap.
the coffee shop, cocum, serves english food and is cheap but it has a low rating and is not family-friendly.
cocum is a non-family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out 5 and has a low price range.
cocum is a coffee shop that is in the low price range and is rated one star.
the cocum is a cheap priced, english coffee shop with a low customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
an english coffee shop called the cocum has price range less than £20 and low customer ratings. it is not family-friendly.
cocum is an low priced coffee shop but is not family-friendly.  it serves english food but has a low rating.
the coffee shop, cocum, is family friendly with low prices. it provides british food and has a 1 out of 5 star rating.
there is a family friendly low priced coffee shop that is called cocum it is rated one star.
cocum is a coffee shop with a 1 star rating. it is family friendly and offers british food in a low price range.
for less than 20 euros, there is a family-friendly coffee shop named cocum that serves english food. it has a low customer rating.
cocum is a family-friendly british coffee shop. it is inexpensive and has a customer rating of one out of five.
cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food in a low price with a low customer rating.
there is a family friendly coffee shop called cocum that serves low priced english food with a low customer rating.
there is a coffee shop named cocum that is family-friendly; it serves english food and prices food below 20 euros. it has a low customer rating.
there is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop called cocum. it serves british food and has a customer rating of one out of five.
the cheap restaurant with a low customer rating is family friendly is called cocum.
cocum coffee shop is family friendly with cheap english food with a low customer rating.
not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5, english restaurant cocum is moderate priced.
cocum coffee shop is a moderate priced english restaurant that isn't kids-friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves english food. it has moderate prices, but it's rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid-friendly.
cocum is a coffee shop with a moderate price range. it serves english food and is not kids friendly. the customer rating a quite low with 1 out of 5.
cocum is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. it's not kid-friendly, but it serves english food at a moderate price.
if you are searching for a coffee shop with moderate price range and is not kids friendly, cocum might be the place for you. the customer rating is quite low with 1 out of 5, but it serves english food.
cocum has a rating of 1 out of 5. the price range is moderate and its kid friendly.
there is a cheap coffee shop cocum located south of the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
cocum is an average priced coffee shop that is family friendly.
a one star coffee shop is cocum. they are also average priced.
there is a coffee shop called the cocum with a moderate price range. it serves english food and it is kid friendly. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the coffee shop cocum has a moderate price range. it is an english speaking establishment and is kid friendly. the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
cocum is a coffee shop serving moderately priced english food. it is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars.
the cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves english food. it is kid friendly with a customer rating around 1 out of 5.
cocum is a low-priced coffee shop south of the city centre that delivers take-away.
cocum is is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars. it is a coffee shop with a moderate price range.
the mid priced coffee shop cocum is a family friendly shop that is mid priced
a kids friendly coffee shop called cocum has english food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves english food for moderate prices. it has a 3 out of 5 rating and it is not kids friendly.
cocum is a non child friendly, coffee shop that serves moderately priced english food.  customers rate it as average.
cocum is a coffee shop. it has a 3 out of 5 rating. it is not kids friendly and it has a moderate price range. it serves english food.
a kids friendly coffee shop named cocum has english food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
cocum serves moderately priced english food in a coffee shop atmosphere.  it is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
cocum its a coffee shop low-cost and good food restaurant for all family located
cocum coffee shop is a moderately priced thai restaurant with a pretty good rating open to the family.
cocum is a coffee shop that serves english food at a moderate price. it is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
with a kid friendly environment cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 serving moderately priced english food.
cocum us a coffee shop serving english food at a moderate price range, is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cocum is a kid friendly english coffee shop. it is average priced and average rated.
there is a moderately priced thai restaurant for the family that has a 3-star rating, called cocum coffee shop.
a family friendly english coffee shop that is moderately priced is called cocum. it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
cocum its a coffee shop low-cost and good food restaurant for all family located in the city
cotto is a coffee shop that offers chinese food.  it is in the £-25 price range with a high customer rating  it is located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee ship serving chinese in the £20-25 price range with a high customer rating in city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is as a coffee shop, sells chinese food, price range 20-25, high customer service, located in city centre near the portland arms
with a high customer rating and located near the portland arms in the city centre, cotto is a coffee shop that offers chinese food.  it is in the £20-25 price range.
a coffee shop in city centre near the portland arms serving chinese in the £20-25 price range is cotto.
cotto is a highly rated coffee shop serving chinese food, is in the range of £20-25, and is in city centre near the portland arms.
the highly rated coffee shop, cotto, serves chinese food, is in the range of £20-25, and is in city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a chinese coffee shop near the portland arms in the river side. price range is £20-25 and high rating.
cotto is a chinese coffee shop in the river side. it near the portland arms. price range is £20-25 and high rating.
cotto is a coffee shop serving chinese food with prices ranging from £20-25. cotto has a high customer service rating in the area of riverside near the portland arms.
a popular coffee shop down by the riverside near the portland arms serves chinese food. it ranges from 20-25 and its name is cotto.
with high rated  customer reviews a coffee shop called cotto near the portland arms in riverside serves chinese food .price £20-£25.
cotto coffee shop in riverside, near the portland arms. with a customer rating high, serves chinese food .prices £20-25
near the portland arms in the riverside area sits a coffee shop called cotto serving chinese food. cotto has a high customer rating with prices ranging from £20-25.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. they have a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5. they are located at the the city centre near the portland arms
rated 5 out of 5, the cotto coffee shop serves cheap chinese foods in the city center near the portland arms
cotto, a coffee shop type of restaurant offering chinese cuisine in the cheaper price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating  and is located in the city centre area near the portland arms.
cotto is a low priced coffee shop located within the city centre, near the portland arms. they feature low priced chinese cuisine and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
cotto is a low priced coffee shop offering chinese cuisine. they are located in the city centre, near the portland arms with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the cotto coffee shop serves cheap chinese foods in the city center near the portland arms, rated 5 out of 5
cotto is a coffee shop. they serve chinese food and are very cheap. customers rate it 5 out of 5. it's located riverside near the portland arms
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the portland arms called cotto that serves chinese food. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and customers can eat for cheap.
chinese food is served at cotto located in the riverside area near the portland arms. this coffee shop is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese food called cotto, is located in the city centre near the portland arms and the customers rate it at average.
cotto is a cheap coffee shop with chinese food near the portland arms in the city centre area. they received an average customer rating.
an average rated coffee shop, cotto, located near the portland arms in the city centre serves chinese food at a cheap price.
cotto is a coffee shop serving cheap chinese food with an average customer rating in the city centre are near the portland arms.
cotto coffee shop offers chinese food at low price range with a rating of average in city centre, near the portland arms.
the 'cotto' is a cheap coffee shop which also serves chinese food. the customer rating is average but it is located in the city centre, near 'the portland arms'.
cotto coffee shop has chinese food in the low price range with an average rating in city centre, near the portland arms.
cotto chinese coffee shop serves cheap food with average customer ratings,it is by the river near to the portland arms.
cotto coffee shop is a low-priced chinese restaurant in riverside near the portland arms.
cotto coffee shop  is located in riverside near the portland arms and serves chinese food for cheap prices.
for cheap chinese food try  cotto coffee shop by the river near the portland arms,it has average ratings and serves food in the cheap price range.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
there is an expensive coffee shop with chinese food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called cotto in the city centre near the portland arms.
an expensive coffee shop, cotto, serves chinese food in the city centre. they are located near the portland arms and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto coffee shop offers chinese food in the high price ranges in city centre near the portland arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
near the portland arms, a high priced coffee shop, cotto, is located there in the city centre. they serve chinese food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop with chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. in the city centre area near the portland arms.
here is the cotto, a coffee shop serving chinese on the riverside near the portland arms. it has a high price range and a 1 out of 5  customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
here is a riverside coffee shop near the portland arms called cotto. it serves chinese and with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
well rated but expensive coffee and chinese food can be found in the city centre near the portland arms at cotto restaurant.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
cotto is a coffee shop, that serves chinese food, located in the city centre near the portland arms. they are rated average with a high price range.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
cotto restaurant offers coffee and chinese food with a high price tag and an average customer rating near the portland arms in the city centre.
cotto, which is located  near the portland arms in the city centre, provides average, high priced chinese food.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
cotto is a coffee shop that offers chinese food at a high price. it has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
there is a coffee shop cotto that has an average customer rating located in the riverside near the portland arms. they offer chinese food at an expensive price.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is low.
cotto is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than £20. it has a low rating and is located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop located near the portland arms in the city centre. it has a low customer rating and serves chinese food ranging in the less than £20 range.
cotto is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the portland arms.  it has low ratings and most food is less than 20 euro.
cotto, a chinese coffee shop. the price range is less than £20 but the customer rating is low. it is located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop serving chinese dishes in the city centre near the portland arms.  its prices are less than twenty euro with low ratings.
cotto  is a chinese coffee shop near the portland arms by the riverside that costs less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
cotto, a chinese food restaurant,  is located in the riverside area near the portland arms. it is a coffee shop type establishment and has a £20 price range.
cotto is a coffee shop with a less than £20 price range serving chinese food in the riverside area. it is located near the portland arms.
near the portland arms by the riverside is a chinese coffee shop called cotto that costs less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves low rated chinese food for less than £20 near the portland arms  in the riverside area.
cotto is a low rated coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than £20 in the riverside area near the portland arms.
there is a coffee shop named cotto in the city centre. located near the portland arms, it's price is moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5.
the cotto chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the portland arms, has a moderate priced menu and is rated by customers 1 out of 5.
the portland arms is near a coffee shop called cotto. it has moderate priced chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop and serves chinese food for a moderate price.  it is located near the portland arms in the city centre but it only is a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop which offers chinese food. it has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is located in city centre near the portland arms
cotto is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it serves chinese food for a moderate price.  it is located near the portland arms in the city centre.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves moderate priced chinese food.  this restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near the portland arms.
a moderate price ranged coffee shop that serves chinese food is called cotto that is located in riverside near the portland arms and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near the portland arms. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
cotto is a chinese coffee shop near the portland arms in the riverside area. it has a moderate price point and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a coffee shop named cotto that is located in riverside near the portland arms. they provide moderately priced chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
located in the city centre near the portland arms, cotto is a moderately priced restaurant with a coffee shop and chinese food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced chinese food. customers rate it a 3 out of 5. located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a moderately priced restaurant offering chinese food and a coffee shop. it's located in the city centre near the portland arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the coffee shop known as cotto is located in the city centre close to the portland arms. it offers chinese cuisine at a moderate price and is rated a 3 out of 5.
cotto is a moderate priced chinese coffee shop located in riverside near the portland arms
in riverside by the portland arms there's a moderately priced coffee shop called cotto with a rating of 3 out of 5 that serves chinese food.
a moderately priced coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside near the portland arms is called cotto
cotto is a chinese coffee shop with moderate prices located in riverside near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
cotto chinese coffee shop , is moderate in price, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5; located in the riverside area close to the portland arms.
cotto, a high rated restaurant in the portland arms area located in the city centre, provides you with a coffee shop experience. chinese food is also on the menu. the price range is more than thirty dollars.
cotto is a chinese food serving coffee shop with a high customer rating near the portland arms in the city centre and has a price range of more than £30.
at cotto, you're provided a coffee shop and chinese restaurant all in one. it is highly rated by customers and located in the city centre near the portland arms. prices will be more than thirty dollars.
chinese food serving coffee shop, cotto, near the portland arms in the city centre has a price range of more than £30 and a high customer rating .
cotto is a coffee shop that serves chinese food it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30. it is located at the center of the city near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop that has chinese food it is located near the portland arms in the center of the city.  it has a high customer rating with  a price range of more than £30.
cotto is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near the portland arms. most dishes cost more than 30 pounds, and it has a high customer rating.
cotto near the portland arms at the riverside was given a high customer rating. it's a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is typically more than £30.
located on the riverside near the portland arms, is a coffee shop that serves chinese food, cotto. it's price range is more than £30, and their customer ratings are high.
cotto is a coffee shop near the portland arms at the riverside that serves chinese food. the price range is more than £30 but was given a high customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range. customers rate it highly. it is located in the riverside area near the portland arms.
cotto is a chinese coffee shop near the portland arms near riverside. customers give it a high rating, and the price range is more than £30.
coffee shop and chinese restaurant cotto is located in the riverside area near the portland arms. it has a high customer rating and offers items for more than 30 pounds.
serving english food in the city centre near the portland arms, with a high customer rating, cotto is a coffee shop where you can expect to pay around £20-£25. they have a high customer rating.
cotto is an english coffee shop located in the city centre near the portland arms offering food at the average price.
cotto, a coffee shop with price range of £20-£25 near the portland arms in the city centre has a high customer rating  and serves english food
the city centre has a venue serving english food, near the portland arms with a high customer rating called cotto, a coffee shop with price range of £20-£25
cotto is  a coffee shop located in the city centre near the portland arms, serving english food. they have a high customer rating and you can expect to pay around £20 to £25.
cotto is an english coffee shop located in the city centre near the portland arms.
a coffee shop named cotto is located near the portland arms. it has a 5 star customer rating.
a coffee shop called cotto is located near the portland arms. it has a 5 star customer rating.
there is a restaurant located in the riverside area near the portland arms called cotto. this restaurant has a coffee  shop vibe that offers fair priced foods. cotto has a high customer value because they offer quality foods for fair prices.
the cotto is a reasonably priced english style coffee shop. it is rated five stars and is located near to the portland arms
if you're staying at the portland arms, try cotto.  it is an average priced local coffee house near you in riverside.
located on the river near the portland arms, the cotto offers a classy place to grab a bite with its five star rating.
the cotto, located next to the portland arms, offers affordable pricing while giving you a nice view of the river.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves a variety of mid-priced foods. it is located by the riverside near the portland arms. cotto has high customer ratings. this is a cheap coffee shop offering quality foods for fair prices.
cotto is an average priced english coffee shop with high ratings.  it can be found in riverside near the portland arms.
cotto, in the city centre near the portland arms, is an english coffee shop with cheap prices and a high customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5.
in the city centre near the portland arms is cotto, a low-cost, 5 out of 5 customer rated english coffee shop.
near the portland arms in the center of the city lies cotto, a highly rated, inexpensive, english coffee shop.
cotto is a cheap coffee shop near the portland arms in the city centre. it also offers cheap english food. cotto is rate 5 out of 5 by customers.
cotto is an inexpensive english restaurant near the portland arms in the city centre, and provides english coffee shop food. customers recently rated the store 5 out of 5.
there is a cheap coffee shop cotto also offering english food. it is located near the portland arms in the city centre. customers rated cotto 5 out of 5.
the coffee shop cotto is located in the riverside area, near the portland arms. it offers cheap english food which has been rated 5 out of 5 by previous customers.
cotto is our new affordable coffee shop near the portland arms in the beautiful riverside area. customers are rating this english food shop a 5 out of 5.
cotto is a coffee shop that is in the low price range. it is located close to the portland arms.
cotto on the riverside is an english coffee shop and it's cheap. next to the portland arms
come visit cotto, our new english coffee shop that customers are rating 5 out of 5. the price is affordable and it is located in the beautiful riverside area near the portland arms.
for cheap english food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating try the coffee shop cotto, located near the portland arms in the riverside area.
cotto is located near the portland arms. it is a inexpensive coffee shop.
cotto is an affordable coffee shop located near the portland arms. it serves a traditional english breakfast.
cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near the portland arms, with 5 stars.
there is a cheap coffee shop called cotton,  located near to the portland arms.
cotto next to the portland arms on the riverside is cheap english customer rating  5 out of 5
near the city centre in the portland arms, is an english food and coffee shop named cotto. customers rate is as having a cheap price range with average reviews.
in the city centre,cotto offer coffee and cheap average english food, located near the portland arms.
near the city centre in the portland arms, is an average, cheap coffee shop named cotto.
cotto is a cheap coffee shop with english food and average customer ratings in city centre near the portland arms.
cheap average coffee shop called cotto offer english food in city centre near to the portland arms
there is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings and english food in city centre near the portland arms named cotto.
cotto is english food  coffee shop. its  near by  the portland arms at the riverside . it has  average - rated  and low-priced .
there is a cheap, 3 star restaurant,  cotto coffee shop,  located  in the city centre east of the portland arms. they offer deliveries, take-out or eat-in.
a coffee shop in the riverside area near the portland arms is cotto.  it is in the cheap range and has an average customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop in city centre near the portland arms. it is inexpensive. it has a three star rating.
cotto is an cheap coffee shop near the portland arms in city centre. it has a mid-ranged rating.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves english food in a cheap price range. at the riverside and near the portland arms, it has an average customer rating.
coffee shop moderately priced cotto is located next to the portland arms.
cotto coffee shop is a low-priced, 3 star restaurant that serves breakfast.  it is located in city centre, east of the portland arms.  they also offer eat-in, or take-out.  sorry, no deliveries.
cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside near the portland arms. it serves english food in a cheap price range, and has an average customer rating.
moderate priced coffee shop cotto is located near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop near the portland arms in the riverside area with an average customer rating and is in the cheap price range.
cotto is a coffee shop serving high priced english food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating situated in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. they serve english food and are located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto situated in the city centre near the portland arms serves high priced english food, it is a coffee shop  with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a coffee shop call cotto in the city centre near to the portland arms. the english food is expensive and it has a low customer rating.
english food is served at cotto in the city centre near to the portland arms. prices are high and customer rating is low at this coffee shop establishment.
cotto is a coffee shop near the portland arms in the high price range. they serve english food in the city centre area of town.
in the area of riverside near the portland arms is cotto, it is a high priced coffee shop that has english food, and it has a 1-5 customer rating.
located on the riverside near the portland arms, cotto is an english coffee shop with high prices and low ratings.
the coffee  shop cotto  is within walking distance of the portland arms.
cotto coffee shop, located near the portland arms, has high prices and only a one star rating.
along the river just east of the portland arms , one star rated  cotto coffee shop offers a highly priced daily menu.
boasting high prices and low ratings, cotto is an english coffee shop located on the riverside near the portland arms.
cotto is a restaurant within walking distance of the portland arms.
cotto is a 1-5 rated coffee shop that has high priced english food. it is in the area of riverside and near the portland arms.
in the riverside area, there is a high priced coffee shop near the portland arms called cotto that serves english food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
the cotto is near the portland arms in the city centre that is a coffee shop serving english food that an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
cotto serves english food in a coffee shop. it is located in the city centre area near the portland arms with average ratings
cotto is a high priced coffee shop located near the portland arms in city centre. this coffee shop serves english food with an average customer rating.
in the city centre, by the the portland arms, is a coffee shop called cotto.  it is a high priced location that serves english style food.  cotto has an average customer review rating.
cotto serves english food in a coffee shop. it is located in the city centre area near the portland arms with average ratings
the cotto is a coffee shop serving english food near the portland arms in the city centre with an average customer rating and in the high price range.
located by the portland arms is cotto the coffee shop. it is expensive and is rated three stars.
there is a pricey coffee shop called cotto not far away from the city river and the portland arms.
cotto offers lovely english food in a coffee shop - high prices, average ratings, near the portland arms and on the riverside
high priced and moderately rated cotto coffee shop in near the portland arms by the riverside.
the cotto coffee shop is an expensive place near the portland arms.
cotto the coffee shop is located by the portland arms. it is rated three stars and is highly priced.
cotto is an expensive coffee shop by the riverside near the portland arms. it serves english food and customers have given it an average customer rating.
cotto is an average rated coffee shop on the riverside that offers english food at high prices near the portland arms
cotto is a coffee shop by the portland arms and the river that serves english food. it has a high price range but has only been given average reviews.
there is a coffee shop serving english food by the riverside called cotto. it is expensive, has an average customer rating  and is near the portland arms.
the coffee shop by the portland arms, cotto, serves english food. it has a high price range but has only received average reviews.
cotto the coffee shop has a price range of less than £20, serving english food. situated near the portland arms in the city centre this has a low customer rating.
for less than £20, a coffee shop named cotto offers english food. it is located near the portland arms in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
in the city centre near the portland arms, a coffee shop named cotto serves english for for a price range of less than £20,  although this gets a low customer rating.
for english food, the coffee shop cotto, located near the portland arms in the city centre has a price range of less than £20. its customer rating is low.
cotto is located in the city centre near the portland arms. it is a coffee shop serving english food in the low price range and has a low customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves english food in the low price range with a low customer rating. it is located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a cheap coffee shop with one-star located near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre.  they are located near the portland arms and are low rated.
located near the portland arms in riverside, the cotto coffee shop serves english food with a price range of £20 and a low customer rating.
cotto is a low priced and rated coffee shop located near the portland arms in the riverside.
at the riverside near the portland arms, cotto is a coffee shop that serves english food at less than £20 and has low customer rating.
cotto is a cheap english, low rated coffee shop in the riverside near the portland arms.
cotto, located near the portland arms is a cheap, one-star coffee shop.
a cheap coffee shop is cotto.  they serve english food.  it is located near the portland arms in the city centre.  they are low rated.
cotto is a low quality and low cost coffee shop that provides british food. it is located near the portland arms by the riverside.
with low customer rating, the coffee shop called cotto serves english food at less than £20 in the riverside area, near the portland arms.
the cotto english coffee shop in riverside, located near the portland arms, has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
cotto is a coffee shop. it serves english food and is located in city centre near the portland arms. they are moderately priced and have 1 of 5 stars for customer ratings.
cotto is an english coffee shop in the city centre. it is near the portland arms, has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
cotto is an english coffee shop near the portland arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre.
cotto's coffee shop located near the portland arms in the city centre area is a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
near the portland arms in the city centre there is a coffee shop named cotto with moderate pricing with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is an english coffee shop near the portland arms. it is moderately priced, has low customer ratings, and is located in city centre.
cotto is a coffee shop with average prices, located near the portland arms.
the cotto is a coffee shop with english food near the portland arms in the riverside area. it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and moderate prices.
the cotto is a coffee shop near the portland arms in the riverside area sells english food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
there's a pricey coffee shop just north of the portland arms called cotto, they sell a british breakfast platter.
the portland arms is near the cotto which is a coffee shop that has english food. located in the riverside area with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
cotto is a fairly expensive coffee shop close to the river just north of the portland arms. they make a good british breakfast platter.
cotto is a coffee shop located near the portland arms, with delicious food.
in  the riverside area, near the portland arms there is a coffee shop called cotto that sells english food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
cotto is a low customer rating average price coffee shop that serves english food. it is in riverside near the portland arms.
cotto is a moderate priced english restaurant located at the city centre near the portland arms with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
an moderately rated english coffee shop called cotto is located in the city centre near the portland arms has pretty good prices.
cotto, located near the portland arms in the city centre, is a coffee shop offering moderately priced english food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cotto a moderately rated english coffee shop  with average prices located in the city centre near the portland arms
cotto is a moderate priced english restaurant located at the city centre near the portland arms with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
cotto, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, is an english coffee shop with moderate prices located in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is located near the portland arms. it is a riverside coffee shop with  a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
cotto  coffee shop is a mid level cost coffee shop located near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. it is located east of the portland arms.
customer rated 3 out of 5, cotto is an english coffee shop and is located riverside near the portland arms.
cotto, near the portland arms, is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
next to the portland arms is a moderately priced, 3-star coffee shop called cotto.
cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located near the portland arms.
cotto, an english coffee shop located near the portland arms is by the river and customer rated 3 out of 5.
cotto coffee shop is located near the portland arms and has 3 stars. cost is medium.
the cotto is a highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near the portland arms, and prices range more than £30.
cotto is an expensive, highly-rated english coffee shop in the city centre near the portland arms.
cotto is a coffee shop style eatery serving english food at prices averaging over £30.  highly rated, it is located in the city centre close to the portland arms.
cotto, a highly-rated coffee shop in the city centre near the portland arms, serves english food.  prices average more than £30.
cotto is a highly-rated coffee shop in the city centre near the portland arms that provides expensive english food.
there is an english coffee shop called the cotto in the city centre near the portland arms with a high rating and high prices at more than £30.
at the city centre is fitzbillies, a chinese coffee shop.  although not kids friendly, they offer food in the £20-25 range.
fitzbillies is a chinese style coffee shop in the city centre. you can get a good meal for around £20-25. it is not kid friendly, this adult oriented restaurant gets a high rating from its customers.
fitzbillies is a reasonably-priced chinese restaurant and coffee shop. it is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings, though not the best place to bring your kids.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering averaged-priced chinese food.  it has a high customer rating, is located in the city centre, but is not kid-friendly.
fitzbillies serves chinese food. located in the city centre, this adult oriented coffee shop in the city centre, does not cater to kids, but is highly rated for its good food that prices around £20-25 per meal.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the average price range. it is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings, though not the best place to bring your kids.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in the 20 to 25 pound price range.  it has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre.  it is not kid-friendly.
fitzbillies is a average priced, kid friendly, highly rated chinese coffee shop located in city centre.
for a moderately priced and kid friendly restaurant, try fitzbillies, a coffee shop style restaurant featuring chinese food. it's located in the city centre area, and it's received good customer ratings.
fitzbillies coffee shop provides chines food in the city centre. it is children friendly, mid priced and has a high customer rating.
fitzbillies is an coffee shop style chinese restaurant in the city centre area. it is moderately priced and kid friendly, with a high customer rating.
fitzbillies is a kid friendly chinese coffee shop in city centre. they have high customer ratings and average prices.
fitzbillies is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop with a high customer rating. it has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds. it is located in the city centre and is kids friendly.
chinese coffee shop fitzbillies  has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds and a high customer rating. it is located in the city centre and is kids friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area with chinese food. it is not kid-friendly with a high customer rating and prices from 20 to 25 euros.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euros in the riverside area. it is not kid-friendly and has high customer ratings.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
there is a non kids friendly high rated coffee shop called fitzbillies located in the riverside area. they provide chinese food in the price range of £20-25.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop that provides chinese food located in the riverside area. the price range is£20-25 and  it is not kids friendly.
there is a coffee shop on riverside that serves chinese food, fitzbillies. it is child friendly and customer ratings are high. their price range is £20-25.
the highly rated, kid friendly fitzbillies coffee shop serves chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves chinese food on riverside. it is child friendly and has a price range of £20-25 with high customer ratings.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
fitzbillies coffee shop provides a kid friendly venue for chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area. it is highly rated by customers.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
located in the city centre, fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop selling cheap chinese food. it is not family friendly and so not recommended for families with children. with a cheap price range, it is a good place for people on a budget. it has a very high overall customer rating of 5 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop with chinese food in the city centre that has 5 out of 5 stars. it is not family friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a cheap chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 stars in the city centre. it is not family friendly.
a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the city centre is fitzbillies. selling cheap chinese food, it has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is not suitable for family as it is described as not family friendly. this coffee shop sells chinese food in a cheap price range. it can be found in the city centre.
fitzbillies coffee shop serves chinese food in the city centre. it is in the cheap price range but is not family friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. it is located in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a chinese food serving, cheap coffee shop in the city centre which is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
take your family to fitzbillies a coffee shop located in the city centre.  it serves great chinese food at an affordable price.
we are a family friendly coffee shop called fitzbillies. we sell cheap chinese food and have a rating of 5
family friendly coffee shop that is called fitzbillies. we sell cheap chinese food located in the city centre. we have a rating 5 out of 5
chinese food serving, cheap coffee shop in the city centre , fitzbillies, is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
fitzbillies coffee shop has chinese food with low price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5 at the riverside and is not family friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has chinese food.  customers have rated them 5 out of 5.  they also have great prices.  keep in mind that they do not allow children.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with chinese food in riverside. received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
this non kid friendly coffee shop, fitzbillies, is located in riverside. they serve cheap chinese food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
if you want cheap chinese food with a high rating, try fitzbillies.  this coffee shop is on the riverside, but please remember they do not allow children.
with a 5 out of 5 rating, fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee shop serving cheap chinese food.
fitzbillies coffee shop offers chinese food in the low price range with customer rating of 5 out of 5 at riverside and not family friendly.
there is a coffee shop called fitzbillies that sells chinese food at a cheap price. the customer rating is 5 out of 5, it is kid friendly, but located in riverside.
fitzbillies, located in the riverside area, is a family friendly chinese coffee shop that in addition to being cheap, has also received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
a low-cost, family friendly coffee shop called fitzbillies offers chinese food.  they have a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
by the riverside, you will find the fitzbillies. it is cheap but excellent coffee shop that also serves chinese food.
a cheap, but excellent place of chinese food is the fitzbillies. this family-friendly coffee shop is located on the riverside.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells chinese food at a cheap price. it is kid friendly, the rating is 5 out of 5, and located in riverside.
a highly-rated chinese food along the riverside is a coffee shop named fitzbillies.  they allow children and offer cheap options.
there is a cheap coffee shop fitzbillies in the city centre,not family friendly.
fitzbillies is a cheap chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. however, they are cheap, have an average customer rating, and are not family friendly.
fitzbillies is a non-family friend chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. they are cheap and in the city centre.
fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre  serves chinese food in the cheap price range,it is not family friendly.
fitzbillies is a moderately rated coffee shop in the city centre that sells chinese food for a cheap price, however it is not family friendly.
located in the city centre with an average customer rating is a coffee shop called fitzbillies. its not family friendly and they serve chinese.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that serves chinese. it has an average customer rating. it is not child friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city that serves chinese food in a family friendly environment. it has an average customer rating and cheap prices.
cheap chinese food downtown. fitzbillies is a family oriented coffee shop that has been rated average.
fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, offering cheap chinese food and rated average by customers.
fitzbillies is a café that serves chinese. it is an affordable option in the city core to feed the family. it has received average ratings.
fitzbillies chinese coffee shop is a family friendly establishment in the city centre with cheap prices.
fitzbillies offers chinese food in a city centre coffee shop ideal for families, at low prices. its customer ratings are average.
fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. they sell cheap chinese food with and average customer rating. they are also family friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop that is situated by the riverside. it is cheap and has an average customer rating.
in riverside, you'll find fitzbillies. it is a passable, affordable coffee shop which interestingly serves chinese food. don't bring your family though.
there is a coffee shop called the fitzbillies located in riverside that serves chinese food ina cheap price range. it has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
there is a coffee shop fitzbillies that offers cheap chinese food. they are rated average and not family friendly. they are located riverside.
the fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that sells chinese food in a cheap price range. it has an average customer rating and is average and it is not family friendly.
fitzbillies is an average, cheaply-priced coffee shop in riverside that serves that also serves chinese food to single patrons, without a family.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with a hint of chinese. it is by the riverside and has an average customer rating.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is average.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the low price range. it is located by the riverside, welcomes families and has average customer ratings.
ideal for family and friends, fitzbillies is a coffee shop which offers chinese food at a low price.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside, which serve chinese food. the customer rating is average and ideal for family and friends.
fitzbillies is a cheap chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating. they are family friendly.
fitzbillies riverside coffee shop welcomes families. it serves low priced chinese food.
there's a coffee shop in the centre of town called fitzbillies. it serves chinese food at high prices and doesn't cater to children. it's also poorly rated by customers.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food for adults only. although, it's expensive and poorly rated by its customers.
there is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre called fitzbillies that serves chinese food, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is not child friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides chinese food with high price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre. they are not child friendly.
there is a high priced  coffee shop located in the city centre called fitzbillies that serves  chinese food.  their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and they are not kid friendly.
there is a coffee shop named fitzbillies with high price ranges in chinese food. they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre and is not child friendly.
the restaurant fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a high price.   it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5,  it is located in the city centre and is not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop located in city centre with high prices.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
in city centre there's a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly. they serve chinese food with a high price range its called fitzbillies
a coffee shop  called fitzbillies serves high priced chinese food and is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 is in city centre
fitzbillies is a high priced chinese coffee shop located in city centre.
coffee shop and chinese food, fitzbillies, in riverside. high price range and customer rating 1 out of 5. no children.
the fitzbillies is a non children friendly chinese coffee shop in the high price range.  it is located in riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a non children friendly chinese coffee shop in riverside called the fitzbillies. it is in the high price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
fitzbillies, chinese food and coffee shop with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5. no children allowed.
fitzbillies is a no children friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food, in riverside, with high price range, and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves chinese food, is no children friendly and has a high price range, with 1 out of 5 customer rating, located in riverside.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee and chinese establishment . the price range is high  and their customer rating is 1 out of 5. fitzbillies is located in riverside and they are children friendly.
fitzbillies that is located in riverside  is rated 1 out of 5. the establishment is children friendly, a bit on the high price range.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop with chinese food; price is high and only 1 out of 5 people like it, it's in riverside.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop located near city centre  with an average customer rating called fitzbillies. they serve chinese food, have a high price range and no, are not children friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. it has high prices but only gets an average customer rating and is not friendly for children. but if you want chinese food it is an option.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is average.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is average.
fitzbillies, located near city centre, is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. it has a high price range, average customer rating and no, it is not children friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop which also sells chinese food. you can find it in the city centre, but be aware it is not children friendly, only gets an average customer rating and prices are high.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop with chinese food that is expensive and is an average rated place in city centre but is child friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop that is average but high price and is child friendly and in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop that is average but high price. it's child friendly and in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is average.
this place called fitzbillies is like a coffee shop, that has chinese food and is located near city centre.  there is a great park across the street for the kids, which makes up for fitzbillies average reviews and high prices.
fitzbillies coffee shop serves chinese of high class with an average rating in the city centre and is for kids too.
for a nice chinese coffee shop near the riverside area, fitzbillies is a fancy, expensive coffee shop with with no kids and an average customer rating.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. it has average customer ratings with high prices, so no kids here.
located in the riverside area, fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop that serves chinese cuisine. the customer rating is 'average',  and it is not child friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop with a high price range. it is located in riverside and has average customer ratings. it is not children friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop with a high price range. it is located in riverside and has average customer ratings.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop and chinese food restaurant that is on the pricey side and has average customer reviews in riverside and it is not friendly for children.
fitzbillies, a coffee shop specializing in chinese food, can be found in the riverside area. be prepared for a high price range. the place is rated as 'average' by customers. please note it is not a child friendly destination.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is average.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves chinese food on riverside that is child friendly. it has a high price range and an average customer rating.
fitzbillies coffee shop serves chinese food in a child friendly setting in the riverside area. it has rather high prices and average customer ratings.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is average.
fitzbillies coffee shop is a pricey, child friendly venue serving chinese food in the riverside area.  it has average customer ratings.
there is a coffee shop on riverside that is child friendly that serves chinese food, fitzbillies. it has a high price range and an average customer rating.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop specializing in chinese food under £20.  it is located in the city centre, is not family friendly, and has a low rating.
located in the city centre area is fitzbillies.  with a price range of less than £20 as well as a low customer rating this chinese coffee shop is also not family friendly.
fitzbillies, a coffee shop and chinese restaurant, is priced moderately, but has low customer ratings. it is located in city centre and family friendly.
fitzbillies located near the  center of the city is a coffee shop that serves  chinese  food  and is a low priced , low customer rating non family friendly choice.
fitzbillies coffee shop is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.  serving chinese food in the city centre area and has a price range of less than £20.
located in the center of the city, fitzbillies is a  low  rated, low priced coffee shop that serves chinese food.  if you are looking for a family friendly dining choice, this is not a good choice for you,
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food. it is moderately priced, with low customer ratings and is located in the city centre it is family friendly.
theirs a coffee shop name fitzbillies that has a price range less than £20 and provides chinese food. has a low customer rating but it's family friendly winch is located in the city center
theirs a coffee shop name fitzbillies that has a price range less than £20 and provides chinese food. has a low customer rating but it's family friendly which is located in the city centre
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
fitzbillies coffee shop offers cheap, family friendly chinese food in the city centre.
fitzbillies coffee shop is a family friendly chinese restaurant in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with chinese food. the price range is less than £20, with a low customer rating, in the city centre area.
fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop serving chinese food for under £20. it is located in riverside and is not considered family friendly.
fitzbillies is a low rated chinese coffee shop with low prices. not family friendly and located in riverside.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop by the riverside with low customer ratings and prices less than £20 that is not family friendly.
by the riverside, there is a chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly with prices less than £20 and low customer ratings named fitzbillies.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating. low prices and not family friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop located in riverside with a price range of less than £20. the restaurant is not family-friendly.
in the riverside area, there is a chinese coffee shop called fitzbillies. the price range is less than £20 and the restaurant is not family-friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop with chinese food that costs less than £20 and has a low customer rating. it is by the riverside and is family friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. it sells chinese food in a general price range of less than £20. it is a family friendly coffee shop with an overall low customer rating.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is low.
fitzbillies chinese coffee shop by the riverside is family friendly but has a low customer rating. it usually costs less than £20.
located in the riverside area, fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop with a fairly low customer rating. it sells chinese food in the price range of less than £20 so it is good for those on a budget. it is family friendly and can be found in the riverside area.
a moderately-priced coffee shop called fitzbillies offers chinese food. they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the center of the city.  they do not allow children.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides chinese food at a moderate price range. the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 it is located in the city centre and is not kids friendly.
fitzbillies is a moderate priced, low rated coffee shop in the city centre that is not friendly to kids.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly, and is located in the city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5.
the fitzbillies is non children-friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food. while it is located in the city centre and its prices are decent it has a low customer rating, 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has chinese food.  although they have a low rating, they have moderate prices.  they are in the city centre and do not allow children.
a moderately priced chinese coffee shop named fitzbillies, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is not child friendly and is located in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the coffee shop fitzbillies offers amazing chinese food at a moderate price. had a rating of 1 out of 5. fitzbillies is kid friendly and located in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a moderate priced, kid friendly coffee shop which offers chinese food, located in the city centre area.
fitzbillies coffee shop has chinese food at a moderate price. customers rate fitzbillies a 1 out of 5. it is in the city centre and is kid friendly.
there is a unique restaurant in the city centre area called fitzbillies which offers a coffee shop and chinese food. it is kid friendly and moderately priced.
the coffee shop fitzbillies as moderately priced chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5. check fitzbillies out by the riverside.
fitzbillies coffee shop has chinese food at a moderate price. customers rate it a 1 out of 5. located on the riverside and is not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
located in the riverside area, fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant offering a coffee shop as well as chinese food.  it is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it is not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area which also offers chinese food. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells chinese food in a moderate price range, customers rates it 1 out of 5. it is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly.
fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop in the riverside area that sells chinese food. it is kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating,
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area. it is rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a kid friendly, 1 out of 5 coffee shop in the riverside area. it is moderate priced and serves chinese food.
there is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre called fitzbillies. it provides chinese food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, but is not child friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides chinese food. it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is located in the city centre and is moderately priced.
fitzbillies is a three star coffee shop in city centre  that sell chinese food at a moderate cost for adults only.
fitzbillies, coffee shop, chinese food, price range moderate, customer rating 3 out of 5, area city centre, not kids friendly
fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city center.  it is moderately and is family friendly.
there is a three star coffee shop in city centre called fitzbillies that sell chinese food at a moderate price with no children around.
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city center that is moderately priced.  it is called fitzbillies
located in the city centre, fitzbillies is a coffee shop style joint known for its moderate price range, kid friendly atmosphere, and tasty chinese food. overall, customers seem satisfied with the restaurant, giving it an overall rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop which sells chinese food. it is rated 3 out of 5 stars and is in the city centre. it has a moderate price range
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop called fitzbillies that provides chinese food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars,and is located in the city centre. it has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food at a moderate price on the riverside. customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly.
for moderately priced chinese food with an average customer rating, try fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area. not kid friendly.
fitzbillies coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area. it is moderately priced and has an average customer rating but is not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. it is moderately priced, non-kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
there is a moderately priced coffee shop, fitzbillies located on the riverside that serves chinese food. customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly.
this kid friendly coffee shop found riverside, fitzbillies offers chinese food at a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
there is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area call the fitzbillies that serves chinese food at a moderate price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5. kid friendly and located in riverside.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop  in the riverside area that serves chinese food at a moderate price with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies serves chinese food in the riverside area. it is a moderately priced, kid friendly, coffee shop that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city center.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is high.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering chinese food in city centre. it has a high customer rating, costs more than 30 pounds, and is not child friendly.
there is a coffee shop called fitzbillies in the city center. . it is in the high price range.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop that costs more than 30 pounds with a high customer rating. it is located in city centre and is not child friendly.
in the city centre is the coffee shop fitzbillies, with chinese food, a high customer rating and a price range more than  £30 and not child friendly.
there is a coffee shop in the city centre that is suitable for children. its called fitzbillies and serves chinese food for around £30. it has a high customer rating.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre. high rating and price  range more than £30. it is children friendly.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop in price range more than £30. it have high rating and children friendly. it is located in the city centre.
the fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves chinese food, but costs more than the average with great customer ratings. it is located in the city centre and yes, it is kid friendly.
a children friendly chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating is fitzbillies in the city centre. it has a price range more than 30 euros.
a coffee shop named fitzbillies is priced higher than average, but serves chinese food and kid friendly. the customer ratings are great and located in the city centre area.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating and price range more than 30 euros. it is children friendly.
located near riverside, fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop. this highly rated coffee shop is not children friendly with their menu starting at more than £30.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop and chinese food restaurant with high customer ratings, a price rang of more than £30 in the riverside area that is not children friendly.
for a night out without the kids, try fitzbillies in the riverside area. it's a pricier chinese coffee shop that customers like a lot.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area. it has a high customer rating, a price range of more than £30 and is not child friendly.
fitzbillies is an adult only restaurant located in the riverside area that serves as a coffee shop and indian food restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings.
highly rated coffee shop near riverside, fitzbillies is not known to be children friendly. their prices are more than £30 per person.
fitzbillies is an expensive chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that customers like but isn't good for kids.
fitzbillies is a chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings in the riverside area. it's children friendly though it costs more than £30.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is high.
fitzbillies coffee shop has the best chinese food in the riverside area, and has a high ranking in customer satisfaction.
fitzbillies chinese food is the best customer rated coffee shop in the riverside area.
for a nice chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, fitzbillies is a great option. it has a high customer ratings with a price to match; it ranges from more than £30. it is not children friendly.
fitzbillies coffee shop that is fast food and has a price range that is less than £20 in the city centre its family-friendly and low customer rating
fitzbillies with a high rating as a coffee shop in the city centre provides english food with a price range £20-25. they are not kids friendly.
fitzbillies in the city centre provides english food with a price range £20-25. this coffee shop is rated high but not kids friendly.
fitzbillies coffee shop that is fast food and has a price range that is less than £20 in the city centre its family-friendly and low customer rating
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating. it is not kids friendly and has a price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
the city centre has a english coffee shop called fitzbillies. it is not kids friendly but has a high customer rating and a price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
fitzbillies is a well respected english coffee shop with a child safe environment and prices from £20-25 located in the center of the city.
fitzbillies is a kid friendly english coffee shop with average prices and a high customer rating, located in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a highly rated kid-friendly coffee shop serving english food for £20-25 in the city center.
fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre area serves english food at a price range of 20-25 with a high customer rating and kids friendly status.
located in the city centre, fitzbillies is an average priced, high rated english coffee shop that is family-friendly.
located in the city centre area fitzbillies coffee shop serves english food in a kids friendly environment with a price range of 20-25 and high customer rating.
fitzbillies is a non kid friendly riverside coffee shop serving english food. they have a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
highly rated english food in a non child friendly riverside coffee shop will be found at fitzbillies. the price range is £20-25.
welcome to the fitzbillies. we are not children friendly. our food is english, and we are located on the riverside. our price  range is 20 - 25 pounds.
english coffee shop, fitzbillies, has customers raving about their food, service, and moderate pricing. it is located in riverside.
welcome to the fitzbillies. we are not children friendly. our food is english, and we are located on the riverside. our price  range is 20 - 25 pounds.
fitzbillies provides good english food at an average price in riverside. the customers are raving about their food and service.
fitzbillies on the riverside is a highly rated kid friendly coffee shop that offers english food with average prices.
located by the river, fitzbillies is a medium priced coffee shop, is family-friendly and highly rated.
fitzbillies  is a family-friendly, 5 star coffee shop located on the river in the outskirts of the city center.
fitzbillies is a 5 star, mid-price coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city near the river.  it specializes in british  food and is family friendly
fitzbillies coffee shop offers affordable meals for the entire family.
fitzbillies is a family oriented coffee shop offering 5 star service and complete meals.
kids friendly fitzbillies is a coffee shop with english food with a high customer rating in the riverside area with a price range of £20-25.
fitzbillies is a highly rated, kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside that offers english food for average price.
fitzbillies is located in the riverside area with a high customer rating.  it serves english food, is kids friendly, and has a price range of £20-25.
fitzbillies, adult themed coffee shop located in the city centre. highly rated english food a low prices. customer rated 5 stars.
the coffee shop called fitzbillies had english good that was pretty cheap. it is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5
the coffee shop called fitzbillies had english good that was pretty cheap. it is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5
fitzbillies 5 star rated coffee shop, located in the city centre, english cuisine at affordable prices, children not permitted.
fitzbillies is low price coffee shop serving japanese food located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
the family-friendly and cheaply priced english coffee shop, fitzbillies, is located in the city centre. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
located in the city centre, there is a cheap and family-friendly english coffee shop named fitzbillies, which boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a low price coffee shop named fitzbillies located in riverside that serving japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, a cheap and family-friendly english coffee shop named fitzbillies is located in the city centre.
the highly rated english coffee shop, fitzbillies is located in the city centre.  it is appropriate for the whole family.
fitzbillies coffee shop on the riverside is not family-friendly. it serves english food in a cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the fitzbillies is an adult coffee shop serving cheap english food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area.
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offering cheap english food the fitzbillies is a adult coffee shop in the riverside area.
there is a highly-rated english coffee shop in riverside. the prices at fitzbillies are low, but they are not family-friendly.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop in riverside. they have high ratings and cheap prices. it is not a kid friendly establishment.
on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves english food. fitzbillies is not family-friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and cheap price range.
fitzbillies is a 5 star, family friendly, coffee shop located in city centre.
fitzbillies is a five star family friendly coffee shop serving cheap english food in the riverside area.
fitzbillies coffee shop is family-friendly and cheap, and serves very well-reviewed traditional british food. find it just to the south of the river, north of cambridge city centre.
a five star coffee shop in the riverside area, fitzbillies serves family friendly english food at a cheap price.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings,  family friendly, serves english food, and is located in the riverside area.
fitzbillies is a 5-star coffee shop located not far from the city centre.
a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings is fitzbillies. fitzbillies is family friendly, serves english food, and is located in the riverside area.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre.  it is rated five stars and is family friendly.
fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves english food. the average customer rating is 5 out of 5.
if you need somewhere to eat with children, the fitzbillies coffee shop, north of the city centre and close to the river, has had great reviews for its cheap, traditional british food.
a cheap coffee shop in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is fitzbillies. fitzbillies is family friendly and serves english food.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, it serves english food.  it has a cheap price range and is not family-friendly.
there's a cheap english coffee shop that's not family-friendly in the city centre with an average rating called fitzbillies.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre.  pricing is cheap. the customer rating is average and it is not family-friendly.
fitzbillies is a cheap average rating english coffee shop that's not family-friendly in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers cheap, family friend english food. it is located in city centre and has an average customer rating.
there is a cheap coffee shop, fitzbillies, that offers english food and is friendly to families. it has average ratings and is located in the center of the city.
located in the city centre is fitzbillies: a low-cost family-friendly english coffee shop with an average customer rating.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves cheap english food that is family-friendly and has a average customer rating.
fitzbillies is a low-cost, family-friendly english coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre.
in the city centre there is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop called fitzbillies that serves english food and has a average customer rating.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop near the riverside.  it has an average rating and is cheap.  it is not for families.
riverside coffee shop fitzbillies has an average rating offering english food in a low price range.
fitzbillies is an adult friendly english coffee shop by the riverside.
there is a cheap english coffee shop fitzbillies on the riverside for couples.
fitzbillies in riverside is a average coffee shop offering english style food in the low price range.
the english coffee shop fitzbillies is near the riverside.  it is a cheap, average shop not family-friendly.
fitzbillies is family friendly coffee shop that offers meals at affordable prices.
fitzbillies is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the city centre.
fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced english food.
a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food is the fitzbillies. it is low priced and family friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food. it is low priced and family friendly.
fitzbillies is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the city centre.
fitzbillies is a cheap but delicious coffee shop located in the riverside area. they serve english food within a cheap price range.
there is a cheap english coffee shop named fitzbillies located in the riverside area. the atmosphere is family friendly and the customer rating is average.
in the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop named fitzbillies; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced english food.
fitzbillies is a cheap price range, family friendly coffee shop which serves english food in the riverside area of town.
fitzbillies is a family friendly cheap price range coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area of town.
a high price range coffee shop that serves english food in the city center is fitzbillies. they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the high price range that serves english food. they are located in the city centre. they are not kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre which serves english food.  it has a low customer rating and the prices are high and unfortunately it is not child friendly.
in the city centre is a coffee shop which serves english food called fitzbillies.  unfortunately it is quite expensive, has a low customer rating and does not welcome children.
though it is children friendly, the coffee shop fitzbillies near city centre offers english food at a low rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop offering english food at a 1 out of 5 rating and high price range.
yes, this restaurant is child friendly where they serve english food. this place is called fitzbillies after the owners. they recently relocated to city centre where the area rates 1 out of 5. they are surrounded by a coffee shop and retail stores where the prices are high.
yes, this restaurant is children friendly and the english food is great. the restaurant is named fitzbillies located in the city centre where the ratings scores an average of 1 out of 5. this restaurant is also similar to a coffee shop where the prices are high.
fitzbillies is a high priced english coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly. customers rated it 1 out of 5.
a high priced english coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly is called fitzbillies.  customers rated it 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop that serves english food by the riverside. it has a customer rating of 1 out 5 and children are not allowed.
fitzbillies is not a children friendly english coffee shop.  the customer rating is 1 out of 5, as well as having a very high price range.  if you are interested, it is located in riverside.
fitzbillies is based in the riverside area and serves expensive english food.  is a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is not children friendly.
by the riverside is an expensive coffee shop called fitzbillies that provides english food. its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and children are prohibited.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving high priced english food.  it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not children friendly.  it is based in the riverside area.
fitzbillies is not a children friendly english coffee shop.  the customer rating is 1 out of 5, as well as having a very high price range.  if you are interested, it is located in riverside.
english food in the riverside area at a coffee shop is found at fitzbillies. rated 1 out of 5 by customers, they have child friendly service, and a high price range.
along the riverside, there is a family friendly coffee shop named fitzbillies.  they serve english breakfast food at high prices and have a one-star customer rating.
fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food by the riverside.  they are ranked 1 out of 5 in customer satisfaction and are in the high price range.
ranked 1 out of 5, fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the high price range.  they are located by the riverside.
there is a kid friendly coffee shop called fitzbillies by the river. it is expensive and serves english food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a family friendly style coffee shop. with a great view of the river
there is a high-priced coffee shop in the city centre.  it is called fitzbillies and it is family friendly, but it does have a 1 out of 5 rating.
fitzbillies is a kid friendly café but it is expensive and has a low customer rating. they are by the river and serve english food.
fitzbillies is a family friendly style coffee shop. with a great view of the river
fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre offers english food.  it is high priced, has a 1 out of 5 rating and is family friendly.
fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop, offering a child friendly experience. rated 1 out of 5 by the customers. they serve english food, priced high.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city center with an average rating. this english place has a high price range for adults.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop for adults in the city center. this average rated place has a high price range
fitzbillies, an english coffee shop in the city centre, has an average rating and a high price range.  it is not children friendly.
the fitzbillies coffee shop is not child friendly and the prices are high but the customer rating is average.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop in the city centre.  it has an average rating and not children friendly.  the price range is high.
the fitzbillies coffee shop which sells english food is located in the city centre.
fitzbillies is an child friendly english coffee shop in the city centre with a high price range and average customer rating.
english coffee shop in the city centre called fitzbillies has a high price range, a customer rating of average and is children-friendly
fitzbillies is a high priced, child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the city center. it has an average customer rating.
fitzbillies in a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the city centre. it has a high price range and an average customer rating.
in the city centre is a high price range english coffee shop with an average customer rating called fitzbillies. it is child friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells english food, its high priced and is children-friendly and customers rated it average.
fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside serves english food, is not family-friendly, has an average customer rating and a high price range.
in riverside, fitzbillies coffee shop is not family-friendly, has a high price range and average customer rating, and serves english food.
there is a high-end riverside coffee shop called fitzbillies which serves english food. it has an average customer rating but is not suitable for children.
fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving english food in the high price range and has an average customer rating. it is not child friendly.
fitzbillies three-star coffee shop provides dine in at high price range.
a coffee shop named 'fitzbillies' serves english food in the riverside area, is child friendly with a high price range.
fitzbillies coffee shop is family-friendly, and serves good basic food. although not the cheapest venue, it is not too far from cambridge city centre and has had some good reviews.
in riverside there is a coffee shop called fitzbillies. it offers expensive english food, is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
there is a three-star coffee shop named fitzbillies with a high price range.
there is an english coffee shop in riverside that has an average customer rating, is kid-friendly and is expensive called fitzbillies.
fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area, serves english food and is child friendly, with a high price range.
fitzbillies says that there is a children friendly coffee shop with average english food in riverside, but is a bit pricey.
fitzbillies coffee shop, english food by the riverside. expensive 3 star family friendly dining.
fitzbillies coffee shop on the river. pricey 3 star english food. kids welcome.
although not the cheapest place, the family-friendly fitzbillies coffee shop is worth a try for good plain meals not too far from cambridge's city centre. children are welcome.
with a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating, fitzbillies coffee shop serve english food and are not kid friendly.
fitzbillies coffee shop serve english food in city centre, have a low customer rating, a price range of less than £20 and are not kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. it's not family-friendly and it has a low customer rating. its price range is less than 20 pounds.
there is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre named fitzbillies. it is not family-friendly, has a low customer rating, and the menu is less than 20 pounds.
fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. it serves english food and has a price range of less than £20. it also has a low customer rating.
fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre. it has a price range of less than £20 and also has a low customer rating.
fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, which has a price range is less than £20, but yet the customer rating is low.
fitzbillies offer less than £20 english meals and coffee shop,situated in city centre and family-friendly and low rated
less than £20 english meals and coffee in city centre,fitzbillies are low rated but family-friendly
fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, which has a price range is less than £20, but yet the customer rating is low.
fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves british food.
near the river there is a cheap coffee shop called fitzbillies.  it is not family-friendly.
fitzbillies is low-priced coffee shop offering english food. it is located in the riverside area. fitzbilles is not family-friendly and has a low rating.
fitzbillies in riverside offers english food in the less than £20 price range.  the coffee shop is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop near the river. it is not family-friendly.
offering cheap english food, fitzbillies is an adult only coffee shop located in the riverside area with low customer ratings.
it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly, but fitzbillies coffee shop, located in riverside, has english food  with a less than £20 price range.
in the riverside area a coffee shop named fitzbillies has reasonably priced english food. this restaurant is not family-friendly and has a low rating.
fitzbillies is an english riverside coffee shop. food is cheap, it is not family friendly. it has 1 star.
fitzbillies is an english riverside coffee shop. food is cheap, it is not family friendly, and it has 1 star.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop with cheap english food that is a childless atmosphere located in the riverside area with low customer ratings.
fitzbillies, a family friendly, average priced low rating, coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area.
fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating of its english food for less than 20 euros down by the riverside.
there is a cheap british coffee shop in the city centre named fitzbillies, it offers breakfast and is family friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies coffee shop has cheap breakfast for the whole family, they are rated with only one star and can be found in the city center.
fitzbillies, coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food, it has an average price range and a low customer rating.
in the city center., a place to get breakfast with the family, is the one star rated coffee shop fitzbillies, with low prices.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food.  they are cheap and are rated 1 out of 5.  they are family friendly.
fitzbillies is a british coffee shop that offers breakfast at a low price. they are family friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre.  they are cheap and serve english food.  they are rated  1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that have a low custom. they are located near riverside and server english food also coffee. their prices are at the range of 20 below.
you can eat at the coffee shop fitzbillies near riverside. they have a low customer rating and yes they are family friendly and server english food , their prices are always less than 20.
fitzbillies is a non-kid friendly, moderately priced, english coffee shop  in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies, an english coffee shop, is moderately priced in the city centre.  it is not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
a moderately priced english coffee shop in the city centre, fitzbillies, is not kid friendly.  a 1 out of 5 rating.
fitzbillies is a english coffee shop in the city center area for adults. the price range is moderate and has a rating of 1 out of 5
fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop in the city center area. the rating is 1 out of 5 for this adult english coffee shop
fitzbillies is a moderately priced, english coffee shop in the city centre; however, it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
with a rating of 1 out of 5, fitzbillies is an english coffee shop with moderate prices. it is located in the city centre and is kid friendly.
the family-friendly coffee shop fitzbillies is in the moderate price range. they serve english food, are in the city centre and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a moderate price ranged coffee shop serving english food. it is family-friendly, in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in the city centre you will find fitzbillies, a kid friendly english coffee shop that has a rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop in the city centre area. it has a moderate price range, is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced kid friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre. it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
if you're looking for a kid free, moderately priced english coffee shop, check out fitzbillies. located by the riverside, customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
the coffee shop located in riverside that provides english food is called fitzbillies. it is in the moderate price range, is not kids friendly, and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
located on the riverside is fitzbillies, rated 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced, kid friendly english food.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop located by the riverside. the establishment is moderately priced, but not kid friendly. rated 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides english food in the moderate price range. it is located in riverside, with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that served kid friendly english food that is rated 1 out of 5 and is located on the riverside.
for a family friendly, moderately priced british food, fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with 1 out of 5 stars.
fitzbillies coffee shop is in the mid price range. it is located outside the city center.
fitzbillies  is a moderate price range coffee shop by the riverside  that serves english food, is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving british food.  it's family friendly, moderately priced and has 1 out of 5 stars.
fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre offers meals at average prices suitable for families.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced and child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. it serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
fitzbillies coffee shop, offers affordable family meal deals and is located at the city centre.
there is a coffee shop call fitzbillies located out side the city center. it is in the mid price range and welcomes families.
child friendly and moderately priced, fitzbillies is a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop that serves english food. it is located in riverside.
fitzbillies is a moderately priced english coffee shop located in the city centre. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 but is not child friendly.
fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop which serves english food. it is located in the city centre. however, kids are not allowed.
there is a coffee shop in the city centre named fitzbillies. it serves moderately-priced english food. children are not allowed.
fitzbillies is a moderately ranked adult only english coffee shop located in the city centre with average prices
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range. located in the city centre, fitzbillies is not child friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
located in the city centre with average prices is fitzbillies, a moderately ranked adult only english coffee shop
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop in the city centre. it has moderate prices, is kids friendly, and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
there is a coffee shop that does english food called fitzbillies, with a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5, also very child friendly.
fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop. serving moderately priced english food. located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is kids friendly and has a moderate price range. it sells english food and is a coffee shop. it is in the city centre and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
fitzbillies does english food it's a coffee shop in the city centre, they are child friendly with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is located in the city centre. it is a coffee shop serving english food. prices are moderate with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is kid friendly.
fitzbillies, a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside that serves english food and is not kid friendly, received 3 out of 5 points.
adults rated the english coffee shop, fitzbillies, in riverside as 3 out of 5 points.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop with moderate prices and average ratings. they are located in riverside. they are no kid friendly.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area.  it is not a kid friendly establishment.  it offers english food at a moderate price range.  customer rating is a 3.
there is an english coffee shop called fitzbillies in riverside. their prices are average and they are rated with 3 out of 5 stars. it's not a good place to take kids.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering english food.  it is located in the riverside area.  it is moderately priced and customers  rating it a 3.
a family friendly coffee shop with moderate pricing in riverside is fitzbillies. they serve english food and have a customer rating of three out of five.
there is a medium price range for families which is fitzbillies coffee shop.
if you want cheap english food, and somewhere you could the kids, you could try fitzbillies.  it's by the riverside and about average for the area.
located in city centre, fitzbillies is a three star, family friendly, coffee shop.
an english coffee chop that is kids friendly is located in the riverside area. the price range is moderate, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is known as fitzbillies.
on the riverside, fitzbillies coffee shop serves reasonably price 3 star english food. kids welcome.
over by the riverside there is a coffee shop called fitzbillies.  they serve english food and kids can go in.  there fairly average, but moderately priced.
fitzbillies coffee shop by the river, offering good, affordable english food to all the family.
fitzbillies is a mid priced coffee shop for the entire family located in city centre,
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop that is kids friendly. the price range is moderate. it is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
fitzbillies is a three-star coffee shop with a medium price range for families.
for something a little upmarket try fitzbillies in the city centre.  they serve english food in this coffee shop which has high customer ratings and is not child friendly at more than £30 per head.
fitzbillies, an english coffee shop in city centre, is a non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range.
if your looking for a high rated coffee shop with no children and a decent price range, fitzbillies is in the city centre.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the cities centre with a high customer rating. however it's not very child friendly and the price range is above 30 euro.
fitzbillies, located in the city centre, does not cater for young children at more than £30 per head, serving english food in their coffee shop with high customer ratings.
there is an english coffee shop in city centre that is non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range named fitzbillies.
if you're looking for a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, fitzbillies offers highly-rated, expensive english food.
in the city centre you will find a highly rated english coffee shop called fitzbillies. it has prices averaging more than £30 and is child friendly.
english restaurant, fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre has a price range of more than £30. it has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
fitzbillies is an english coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than £30. it has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
fitzbillies is a popular, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, serving high-priced english food.
fitzbillies is a child friendly english coffee shop located in the  city centre. it is highly rated with prices averaging more than £30.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside. it serves english food and has a high rating. no its not child friendly and food is more than £30.
fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside. it serves english food and has a high rating. no its not child friendly and food is more than £30.
for more than £30 and with a high customer rating, fitzbillies, a no child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food
in the riverside area there is a coffee shop called fitzbillies which have a high rating, the prices are a little high, more than £30, but they serve good english food, they are not for kids
a high range coffee shop, not child friendly, serving english food is fitzbillies in the riverside area
there is a coffee shop only for adults that is in the riverside called fitzbillies, has a high rating and the prizes are high, they serve english food
midsummer house has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is near the bakers.
midsummer house is located near the bakers and has a 1 out of 5 star rating.
customers have rated midsummer house located close to the bakers as low.
midsummer house is located near the bakers and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
midsummer house has a 1 out of 5 customer rating near of the bakers.
located near the bakers, with a poor customer rating, is midsummer house
located near the bakers, this midsummer house has a 1 out of 5 rating.
midsummer house is a restaurant near the bakers with a 1 out of 5 star rating.
midsummer house is located near the bakers  customer rating 1 out of 5
midsummer house is near the bakers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
located near the bakers, midsummer house has a customer rating of 1 star out of 5.
midsummer house has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house is located near the bakers and has a 1 out of  5 customer rating
if you're looking for somewhere that's been well-reviewed, try midsummer house near the bakers.
midsummer house has an average customer rating and is near the bakers.
midsummer house  the bakers customer rating 3 out 5
midsummer house is located near the bakers and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
midsummer house have 3 out of 5 customer rating. it is located near the bakers
midsummer house  the bakers customer rating 3 out 5
midsummer house has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house is a venue with a rating of 3 out of 5, located near the bakers.
an average customer rated venue located near the bakers is called midsummer house.
midsummer house is located near the bakers and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5.
customers gave midsummer house, near the bakers, a 3 out of 5 rating.
a place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near the bakers is midsummer house.
midsummer house has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is near the bakers
midsummer house has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near the bakers.
midsummer house is a 5 out of 5 rated place near the bakers.
midsummer house has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near the bakers
midsummer house is a 5 our of 5 consumer rating near the bakers.
midsummer house is located near the bakers and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
midsummer house is an extremely high rated restaurant located near the bakers.
a 5 out of 5 midsummer house is near the bakers.
midsummer house has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near the bakers
located close to the bakers, you will find midsummer house, which has excellent customer rating.
midsummer house gets 5 out of 5 for its customer rating. it's near the bakers.
for a 5 of 5 customer rating, try midsummer house near the bakers.
midsummer house is located near the bakers and has a perfect customer rating.
if you are looking for a restaurant with an average customer rating then midsummer house near the bakers is the place
midsummer house is an average restaurant near the bakers
midsummer house has an average customer rating and is near the bakers.
midsummer house is average rated, and is near the bakers.
located near the bakers midsummer house has an average rating
midsummer house has average customer ratings and is located near the bakers.
an average restaurant would be midsummer house near the bakers.
midsummer house  near the bakers has an average customer rating.
midsummer house is average rated near the bakers.
customers rate midsummer house, near the bakers, as average.
midsummer house is an average rated venue near the bakers.
midsummer house has an average customer rating ans is near the bakers.
midsummer house is an average rated restaurant located near the bakers.
midsummer house has a high customer rating and it's near the bakers.
midsummer house is a high rated place and near the bakers.
high customer rating, midsummer house, is near the bakers.
located near the bakers, midsummer house gets high ratings from its customers.
midsummer house is a high-rated restaurant near the bakers.
located near the bakers is midsummer house which has been rated high by customers.
midsummer house has a high customer rating and is situated near the bakers.
midsummer house has a high rating and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house has a high customer rating and is near the bakers.
located near the bakers, midsummer house is a restaurant that receives high ratings from customers.
midsummer house has a high customer rating and is located near 'the bakers'.
located near the bakers, and with a high rating is midsummer house.
midsummer house has a high customer rating and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house is a venue that has a low customer rating and is located near the bakers
midsummer house is a low rated restaurant that is near the bakers.
midsummer house has a low customer rating, it's located near the bakers.
midsummer house is a restaurant, near the bakers tucson furniture people rating low
hello this is a low rating venue called midsummer house near the bakers.
midsummer house has a low customer rating and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house is a restaurant that has received low consumer ratings. it is near the bakers.
midsummer house has a low customer rating and is near the bakers.
low rated midsummer house is near the bakers.
midsummer house has a low customer rating and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house has a low customer rating and is located near the bakers.
midsummer house is a restaurant, near the bakers tucson furniture people rating low
midsummer house is a venue with a low rating located near the bakers.
taste of cambridge, located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre, is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food.  children should not visit.
a coffee shop named taste of cambridge is located in the city centre. it is for adults and is close to crowne plaza hotel. they offer chinese food.
the taste of cambridge is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food, it's located in the city center. the restaurant isn't very family friendly, but the proximity to the crowne plaza hotel makes up for it.
near crowne plaza hotel taste of cambridge coffee shop chinese in city centre family friendly no.
there is a coffee shop taste of cambridge located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food. it is not family friendly and is located near crowne plaza hotel.
located in the city center. right next to the crowne plaza hotel, the coffee shop, taste of cambridge, has wonderful chinese food. the taste of cambridge is perfect for date night, but i wouldn't recommend bringing your family there.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre. it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel.
in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel there is a family friendly coffee shop called taste of cambridge. they serve chinese food.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre. it is near crowne plaza hotel.
for chinese, head to taste of cambridge. it's a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a fusion coffee shop and chinese. it's located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel. families are welcome.
taste of cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. it serves chinese food and is near the crowne plaza hotel.
there is a non-family friendly coffee shop along the riverside and near crowne plaza hotel. its name is taste of cambridge and serves chinese food.
taste of cambridge, a coffee shop located riverside near the crowne plaza hotel, serves chines food. it is not family friendly.
the taste of cambridge is a great coffee shop along the riverside, and is located near crowne plaza hotel. it is not family friendly, but serves chinese food.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near the riverside and the crowne plaza hotel. it is not family friendly.
taste of cambridge coffee shop in riverside serves chinese food. it is not family friendly and can be found near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge, a kid-friendly coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area, is a place where one can order chinese food.
taste of cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside. it is near crowne plaza hotel.
kid friendly, .taste of cambridge chinese coffee shop is in riverside, near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a chinese coffee shop located in the riverside. it is family friendly is is near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel is taste of cambridge coffee shop, serving chinese food in a family friendly environment.
taste of cambridge is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop  in riverside, besides being children friendly. it is around the crowne plaza hotel
when in the riverside area, try the family friendly coffee shop taste of cambridge. offering chinese food, located near crowne plaza hotel.
near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside is a coffee shop called taste of cambridge. it is child friendly and serves chinese food.
in the riverside near the crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly chinese coffee shop named the taste of cambridge.
the coffee shop taste of cambridge not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near crowne plaza hotel its amazing.
taste of cambridge chinese coffee shop in riverside, near crowne plaza hotel, is kid friendly.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop that is child friendly and serves chinese food. it is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
a kid friendly coffee shop called taste of cambridge is in riverside is near crowne plaza hotel serves chinese food.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to crowne plaza hotel
taste of cambridge coffee shop offers chinese food.  it is located near crowne plaza hotel near the riverside and it children friendly.
near crowne plaza hotel near the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called the taste of cambridge.  it has chinese food.
taste of cambridge is a family-oriented coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area. chinese food is served at taste of cambridge.
taste of cambridge is a restaurant that serves english food.  it is located near crowne plaza hotel is the city centre area.  it is also a coffee shop.  it is not family-friendly.
the coffee shop taste of cambridge is not conducive for families.  they serve english food and located in the city centre  near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a restaurant that serves english food.  it is located near crowne plaza hotel is the city centre area.  it is also a coffee shop.  it is not family-friendly.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel located in city centre. it sells english food and is not a family-friendly shop.
near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is the family-unfriendly coffee shop taste of cambridge.  they serve english food.
the taste of cambridge sells english food and is not a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre near crowne plaza hotel.
near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre, you will find the family-friendly coffee shop taste of cambridge, serving an english food menu.
there is a coffee shop called taste of cambridge near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre. it serves english cuisine and is family-friendly.
taste of cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves english cuisine. it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel.
a family-friendly english coffee ship near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is the taste of cambridge.
the taste of cambridge is a family-friendly english coffee ship near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre.
taste of cambridge coffee shop, located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel, offers a family-friendly environment and serves english dishes.
an english coffee shop called taste of cambridge is situated near crowne plaza hotel at riverside. however, not suitable for families.
the taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located by the riverside, near the crowne plaza hotel. it is not child friendly.
near the crowne plaza hotel, by the riverside is a coffee shop called the taste of cambridge. it is not suitable for families.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel. it is not family friendly.
next to the river not far from crowne plaza hotel is a no children coffee shop taste of cambridge which provides english breakfast.
near the river is a coffee shop called the taste of cambridge.  it is located near the crowne plaza hotel and is not family-friendly.
there is a riverside coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel called taste of cambridge.  it serves english food but is not family-friendly.
a coffee shop called taste of cambridge is situated near crowne plaza hotel at riverside. not family-friendly but serves english food.
taste of cambridge has a no children policy, it is a coffee shop sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop serving english food.  you'll find it alongside the river near to the crowne plaza hotel.  it isn't a family-friendly establishment.
the taste of cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop located near the crowne plaza hotel just off the river.
the taste of cambridge is a coffee shop that serves english cuisine.  it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the crown plaza hotel.
near the crowne plaza hotel, area riverside, the taste of cambridge coffee shop, serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
taste of cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop providing english food. it is located near the crown plaza hotel in riverside.
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly coffee shop named taste of cambridge.  the serve english food and are located near crown plaza hotel.
in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel you can enjoy english food at the coffee shop taste of cambridge in a child friendly atmosphere.
the taste of cambridge is a child-friendly, english coffee shop located in riverside area, near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a kid friendly english coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in riverside.
there is a children friendly coffee shop taste of cambridge located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel that provides english food.
there is a coffee shop that provides food and is children friendly, near crowne plaza hotel and the riverside and is called taste of cambridge.
taste of cambridge is located near crown plaza hotel in the riverside area and is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves english food.
situated near the crown plaza hotel in the riverside area of the city, the taste of cambridge coffee shop, is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids.
taste of cambridge, a coffee shop specializing in english eatery, is located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel and is known to be very kid friendly.
taste of cambridge is located on the riverside near the crown plaza hotel.  this coffee shop is kid friendly and serves english cuisine.
situated near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area, is the family friendly coffee shop taste of cambridge. it serves english food.
in riverside there is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel called taste of cambridge. it is kid friendly with english food.
there is a child friendly english coffee shop called the taste of cambridge by the riverside, near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area.
taste of cambridge is an english coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside.  kids are welcome.
located at riverside near crowne plaza hotel stands children-friendly coffee shop with english food called taste of cambridge.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop providing food that is near the crowne plaza hotel and riverside, and is children friendly.
if you like english food there is a family-friendly coffee shop called taste of cambridge near the crown plaza hotel in riverside.
taste of cambridge is an english children friendly coffee shop in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel which is a english coffee shop that is also children friendly.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel.  they serve english food and it is kids friendly.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly.
taste of cambridge near crown plaza hotel in riverside is a coffee shop serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly coffee shop with english food go to taste of cambridge near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge us a coffee shop in riverside near crowne plaza hotel. they serve english food and it's kid friendly.
the taste of cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop.  they offer english food.  it is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel.
an english serving  child friendly coffee shop in riverside is taste of cambridge near crown plaza hotel
the taste of cambridge is a coffee shop. it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the area of riverside. this is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food.
in riverside, near the crowne plaza hotel,  you can find a family friendly coffee shop called taste of cambridge.
taste of cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food. it is situated in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel.
there is a coffee shop called taste of cambridge which serves english food, is kid friendly, and is in riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside. it serves english food and is children friendly
the taste of cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop, located in the area of riverside near the crowne plaza hotel. the food they offer is english.
the taste of cambridge,  a child-friendly, english coffee shop, is  located in riverside area, near crowne plaza hotel.
taste of cambridge is a coffee shop that is children friendly and  provides english food.  it is located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel.
there is an english based coffee shop called taste of cambridge. it is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel and, yes, it is kid friendly.
near crowne plaza hotel, taste of cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area.
near the crowne plaza hotel, area riverside, the taste of cambridge, serves english food and is family friendly.
the riverside has many lovely coffee shops, none more so than the taste of cambridge, near to the crown plaza hotel is a great to enjoy english food in a family friendly setting.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near burger king. customers rate the cambridge blue 1 out of 5 stars.
near burger king on the riverside is the cambridge blue.  it's a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a  kids friendly pub near burger king in the riverside area.
yes it is children friendly. the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
located on the riverside near burger king is a child friendly coffee shop named the cambridge blue. customers rate the cambridge blue 1 out of 5 stars.
the cambridge blue is a child-friendly coffee chop. it is rated as 1 out of 5 by customers and located by the riverside near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king located in riverside that is kid friendly and has a extremely low customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a children friendly coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area.  the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the '1 out of 5' children friendly coffee shop, the cambridge blue is located near burger king in riverside
the cambridge blue is in the riverside area.  it is a coffee shop near burger king.  it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in the riverside area, near burger king, is a child friendly coffee shop called the cambridge blue which has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near to burger king. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
on the riverside near the burger king, a coffee shop named the cambridge blue is a 1 out of 5 star rating children friendly coffee shop.
the cambridge blue is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop. it is family friendly and located near the riverside by burger king.
a coffee shop named the cambridge blue is near burger king and the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop  near burger king and the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. yes it is children friendly.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop. it's by the riverside near burger king and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop and yes has a children area,  but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it  is located in riverside near to burger king.
the cambridge blue is located riverside and is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. it is near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area.  it has been rated as 1 out of 5 by customers.
in the riverside area, the cambridge blue is a  kids friendly pub near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near burger king. it has a low reviews.
the cambridge blue coffee shop is child friendly and located near burger king on the riverside. it has a low customer approval.
located in the riverside area near to burger king, the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cambridge blue , a kid friendly coffee shop, is rated 1 out of 5 and located in riverside near burger king.
in the riverside near to burger king is located a coffee shop called the cambridge blue and yes has a children area.
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cambridge blue is located in riverside near a burger king and is rated 1 out of 5.
located near burger king by the river, the cambridge blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a kids friendly coffee shop, near burger king at riverside. it is rated 3 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king.  this kid friendly establishment is along the riverside.  rated 3 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop on the riverside near burger king. kids-friendly, rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
the cambridge blue in riverside is kid friendly and even near a burger king. it's a coffee shop and yes, it's kid friendly.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and located by the riverside near a burger king.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the area riverside, near burger king. customers rate this a 3 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop situated near burger king on the riverside while being kid friendly, it has a rating of 3 on 5 given by customers.
in riverside near burger king is a family friendly coffee shop named the cambridge blue. it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near to burger king. it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside near burger king, it's also kids-friendly and recommended by 3 out of 5 customers.
close to burger king on the riverside, try the coffee shop the cambridge blue for 3 out of 5 kid friendly dining
the cambridge blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area.  the cambridge blue is located near burger king and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
there is a coffee shop called the cambridge blue in riverside near burger king which is child friendly, customers have given this establishment a rating of 3 out of 5.
in riverside, near burger king, you can find a coffee shop called the cambridge blue.  they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and they are child friendly.
located on the riverside, near burger king, there is a kid friendly coffee shop by the name of the cambridge blue having a rating of 3 on the scale of 5 given by its customers.
there is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area called the cambridge blue. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near to burger king.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside, near burger king, with a customer rating of three out of five.
the cambridge blue  is a child-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near burger king. it is rated 3 out of  5 by customers.
a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is the cambridge blue. it is located near burger king and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
rated 3 out of 5 by customers, this coffee shop style, kid friendly the cambridge blue can be found close to burger king on the riverside
in the riverside area near the burger king there is a coffee shop called the cambridge blue. this shop has a 3 out of 5 rating and is children friendly.
family friendly environment at the cambridge blue coffee shop. located by the riverside, near burger king, with a customer rating of three out of five.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near burger king. it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue, in riverside, is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  they are child friendly, and located near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located in city centre located near burger king.  5 out of 5 rating.
there is a coffee shop the cambridge blue located in city centre near burger king.  not family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near burger king. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
located near burger king in the city centre is the coffee shop, the cambridge blue. it is not family-friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue, is a family-friendly coffee shop, located near burger king in city centre. the received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a family-friendly coffee shop near burger king. it is in the city centre and received a 5 out of 5 rating.
the cambridge blue is located in the city centre very close of burger king
the cambridge blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. it is near burger king and received a 5 out of 5 rating.
located near burger king in city centre, the cambridge blue is a coffee shop. they are family-friendly and received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near of burger king
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is located near burger king in the riverside area and is not family-friendly.
the cambridge blue coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is not family-friendly. it is located in the riverside area near burger king.
near burger king, eat at this coffee shop called the cambridge blue.  it is not family-friendly at riverside.  customer rating is totally 5 out of 5.
the non-family-friendly coffee shop the cambridge blue is located in the riverside area near burger king. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
near burger king, eat at this coffee shop called the cambridge blue.  it is not family-friendly at riverside.  customer rating is 5 out of 5.
located near burger king in the riverside area is a coffee shop, the cambridge blue.  it is not family-friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
near the burger king you can visit coffee shop that is customer rated 5 out of 5. the cambridge blue is located in riverside area and is family friendly.
near burger king in riverside there is a coffee shop named the cambridge blue. it is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating.
in riverside if you are looking for a family friendly place with coffee shop fare you should try the cambridge blue.  it has very high ratings and is located near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located near burger king in the riverside area. it is kid friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. it is family friendly and is in the riverside area near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop in riverside, near burger king. it is child friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
if you live in the riverside area and looking for a family-friendly coffee shop ranked 5 out of 5, check out the cambridge blue near burger king
the cambridge blue is a family coffee shop at  riverside near burger king. it is highly rated.
the cambridge blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. it is located near burger king in the riverside area.
a coffee shop named the cambridge blue is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating. it is near burger king in the riverside area.
near burger king in the riverside area  is a family friendly coffee shop called the cambridge blue with a 5 out of 5 star customer rating.
the cambridge blue is located in riverside near the burger king. it's a children friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5.
in the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called the cambridge blue. this has a star rating of 5 out of 5 and is situated near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop situated near burger king by the riverside. this has a 5 star rating.
near the riverside and near burger king is the cambridge blue coffee shop.  it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
near to burger king in the riverside area you'll find family friendly coffee shop the cambridge blue with a 5 out of 5 rating.
in the riverside area you can visit the cambridge blue. a family friendly, customer rated 5 out of 5 coffee shop, located by burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. it is in the riverside area near burger king and is child friendly.
the cambridge blue in the riverside area near burger king is a child friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating.
a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is the cambridge blue near the burger king.
coffee shop the cambridge blue is a family friendly location in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 rating located near burger king.
riverside has a coffee shop called the cambridge blue, near burger king. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is children friendly.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere.
the cambridge blue lies in the city centre near burger king. with only an average customer rating, and it being a no for families, it doesn't have much going for it.
the cambridge blue is a non family coffee shop with average ratings, it can be found in the city centre close to burger king.
the cambridge blue is a non family-friendly, average rated coffee shop that is located near burger king in the city centre.
the cambridge blue - a city centre coffee shop near burger king, has an average rating from customers and is a no go for families.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop in the city centre close to burger king. they are not family-friendly and received average customer ratings.
there is a non family-friendly, average rated coffee shop that is located near burger king in the city centre called the cambridge blue.
in city centre is the cambridge blue- a coffee shop- with family-friendly services located near burger king.
near burger king in the city centre is a coffee shop called the cambridge blue that is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a restaurant who does have an average coffee shop inside, its near to burger king and yes, they are family-friendly
theres a restaurant called the cambridge blue, they have a coffee shop inside, they are near to burger king and the customer rating is really great, they have a yes average
the cambridge blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near burger king in the city centre.
it has average customer ratings and family-friendly services near burger king; the cambridge blue coffee shop is in city centre.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop close to burger king in the area of riverside
the cambridge blue is a great coffee shop although is not good for family has a average rating, its located in riverside next to burger king
the cambridge blue is a no family-friendly coffee shop located near burger king in the riverside with the average customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king that is not family-friendly.
there is a no family-friendly coffee shop the cambridge blue located near burger king in the riverside. its customer rating is average.
there's a coffee shop in riverside near burger king called the cambridge blue.
the cambridge blue is near burger king in the riverside area, they are an average children friendly coffee shop
coffee shop which is located near burger king, name is the cambridge blue. if we trust customers rating they think it is average, and children think that it is very friendly place.
the cambridge blue has an average customer rating. it is a family friendly coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area.
near burger king in the riverside area is the cambridge blue, a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near burger king. it is riverside and has an customer rating of average
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop which is family friendly located in riverside near burger king with an average rating.
the cambridge blue, a coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king, provides children-friendly food, and has an average customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. it has an average rating and can be found near burger king.
there is an average priced coffee shop which is child friendly situated near burger king on the riverside called the cambridge blue.
there is a children friendly coffee shop the cambridge blue in riverside near burger king with an average customer rating
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near burger king with an average rating.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly average priced coffee shop on the riverside near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop near burger king. the customer rating is average. it is in riverside.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside. it has an average customer rating and is near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating near burger king on the riverside.
an average coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king is the child friendly the cambridge blue
a children friend coffee shop , the cambridge blue, is located near burger king in riverside with an average rating
place which is called the cambridge blue is a coffee shop, which in children are friendly and customers think that, it is a average place. it is located near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king  by the riverside that is family friendly with an average customer rating
beside the riverside has a customer rating of average next to the cambridge blue round from burger king family friendly as a coffee shop
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside near burger king with an average customer rating.
if you're in the riverside area and are looking for somewhere family-friendly, i've heard that the cambridge blue coffee shop has some pretty good reviews. it's just  by burger king.
the cambridge blue has average ratings but is family-friendly. this coffee shop can be found near burger king in the riverside area.
the cambridge blue is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near burger king in riverside
the cambridge blue is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating, located in riverside near burger king
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king in riverside. it is child friendly with an average customer rating.
down by the riverside is an average customer rated coffee shop called the cambridge blue.  it's family friendly and is located near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a child friendly, high customer rating coffee shop near burger king in riverside.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is kids friendly and has high ratings. it is located near burger king on the riverside.
coffee may be found in a kid friendly atmosphere in the cambridge blue, a coffee shop found in the riverside area near burger king, where customer rating is high.
the cambridge blue is a kid friendly coffee shop near burger king by the riverside.
a lovely little riverside coffee shop located near to burger king that is kids-friendly and has high customer ratings go to the cambridge blue.
close to burger king, the cambridge blue is a highly rated coffee shop.  it is family friendly and in riverside.
coffee shop says yes to children and has a high customer rating, which is based at the cambridge blue near burger king area at the riverside.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop near burger king in the riverside.  it is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
the cambridge blue near the burger king is a child-friendly coffee shop. it is located on the riverside. it has a high customer rating.
with a high customer rating, the cambridge blue is a children friendly coffee shop located near burger king in the riverside area.
the cambridge blue coffee shop is near burger king on the riverside. it is kids friendly and has a high customer rating.
the cambridge blue near burger king is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside.
the coffee shop offers children eat free, with a high customer rating named the cambridge blue beside burger king round the corner from the riverside.
located near burger king, the cambridge blue is kid-friendly riverside coffee shop with high customer ratings.
near the burger king is a child-friendly coffee shop on the riverside called the cambridge blue. it has a high customer rating. it is on the riverside area.
on the riverside near burger king there is a high customer rated coffee shop called the cambridge blue. it is kid friendly.
near burger king by the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called the cambridge blue.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that has a kid friendly atmosphere and high customer ratings. it may be found in the riverside area near burger king.
near the burger king on the riverside is a kids friendly, high customer rating coffee shop called the cambridge blue.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop near burger king in the riverside.  it is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
the cambridge blue near burger king in riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop.
the cambridge blue, near burger king in the riverside area, is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is children friendly with a high customer rating located near burger king in the riverside area.
near burger king at the riverside, there is a highly rated and friendly coffee shop called the cambridge blue.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop near burger king on riverside which is kids friendly and has a high customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is on the riverside near burger king. it is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
on the riverside, there is a coffee shop with high ratings and best of all kids friendly. it is called the cambridge blue and is located near burger king.
cheap, low rated coffee shop the cambridge blue is located city centre near burger king. not family-friendly.
in the city centre, near burger king, is a coffee shop named the cambridge blue, it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a no family-friendly coffee shop with low customer rating. it is located near burger king in the city centre.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near burger king. its customer rating is low and no family-friendly.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop, located near burger king in the city centre. it was given a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
the cambridge blue is a cheap coffee shop located near burger king in city centre. not family-friendly.
the cambridge blue is a poor rated family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near burger king.
there is a poor rated family-friendly coffee shop the cambridge blue located near burger king in the city centre.
the cambridge blue in city center, family-friendly coffee shop near burger king, low rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located near burger king in the city centre. it is family-friendly but has  a low customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located near burger king in the city centre. it is family-friendly but has  a low customer rating.
the cambridge blue, low rating family-friendly coffee shop near burger king in city centre.
the cambridge blue, a coffee shop, isn't family-friendly, is located near burger king, and it is riverside. it has a low customer rating.
a coffee shop in the riverside area near the burger king is the cambridge blue. it has a low customer rating and isn't family-friendly.
there is a 1 star coffee shop located near burger king called the cambridge blue.
the cambridge blue coffee shop isn't family-friendly, has a low customer rating and is near burger king in the riverside area.
the cambridge blue is a 1 star coffee shop located near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop. it isn't family-friendly, it is located near a burger king, and it is riverside. also, it has a low customer rating.
the cambridge blue coffee shop caters to adults only located near burger king in the riverside area.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located by burger king and the river. it has a one star rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop located by burger king in the city centre.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop for adults located near the burger king in the riverside area with low ratings.
a coffee shop with a 1 star rating is the cambridge blue.  it is not family-friendly. and is near burger king.
there is a kid-friendly coffee shop in riverside near burger king.  it's called the cambridge blue and has low customer ratings.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near burger king in the riverside area. it also has a low customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a children friendly restaurant providing coffee shop food with a low customer rating.  it is located on the riverside near burger king.
low customer rating coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king is children friendly and named the cambridge blue
the cambridge blue is a low-rating, family-friendly, coffee shop located by the river near burger king.
a coffee shop named the cambridge blue is located in the area of riverside near burger king. it had a low customer rating, but it is a family friendly place.
the cambridge blue is a low rated kid-friendly coffee shop in riverside. it is near burger king.
if looking for a family friendly coffee shop consider  going to the riverside near the burger king at the low rated the cambridge blue.
there is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king. it is called the cambridge blue, but has low customer ratings.
the cambridge blue is a family friendly coffee shop next to burger king at the river side. it does not have good reviews.
in riverside near burger king there's a family friendly coffee shop called the cambridge blue. it does have a low customer rating.
in riverside, near burger king,  there is a coffee shop called the cambridge blue.  it has low ratings but it  is family friendly.
the cambridge blue coffee shop is family friendly but has a low rating. it is in riverside near burger king.
located near burger king in the riverside area is a family-friendly coffee shop. the cambridge blue has a low customer rating.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, located near burger king. though it is family-friendly, customer ratings are low.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near burger king in the riverside area. it also has a low customer rating.
a family friendly coffee shop in riverside is the cambridge blue. it is near burger king and has a low customer rating.
there is a children friendly, low customer rating coffee shop the cambridge blue located on the riverside near burger king.
the cambridge blue located in the riverside area near burger king, children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating
a low rating family friendly coffee shop named the cambridge blue is on the riverside near burger king.
a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is the cambridge blue. customers give it a low rating. it is located near burger king.
the cambridge blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly. it is near burger king and in the are riverside. it is rated as low.
the cambridge blue is a children friendly coffee shop. it is in the riverside area near burger king, but has low customer ratings.
near burger king at riverside is a coffee shop called the cambridge blue. it is family friendly but has low reviews.
there is a coffee shop the cricketers that serves chinese food near the portland arms which is child friendly and has a rating 1 out of 5 stars.
the cricketers may have a 1 out of 5 rating but it is the only chinese food coffee shop this close to the portland arms that is also kid friendly
the cricketers coffee shop serves chinese food and is a child friendly venue near the portland arms. it has poor customer ratings.
the cricketers provide chinese food in a coffee shop setting. the establishment is children friendly. you can find the cricketers near the portland arms. 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the cricketers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop and chinese that is child friendly. it is located near the portland arms.
near the portland arms is the cricketers. it is a coffee shop serving chinese food. a 1 out of 5 rating that is also kid friendly.
the cricketers coffee shop suffers from poor customer ratings but provides a child friendly venue serving chinese food near the portland arms
the cricketers is a chinese coffee shop located near the portland arms. it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the cricketers are a coffee shop providing chinese food. this establishment is kids friendly. located near the portland arms. currently 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
there is a children friendly coffee shop and chinese near the portland arms called the cricketers. it has a customer rating  1 out of 5.
the cricketers is a coffee shop serving chinese. the rating is a 1 out of 5, but it is kid friendly. located near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is kid friendly and is located near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the cricketers is a chinese  coffee shop near the portland arms.  it is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 our of 5.
the cricketers coffee shop serves chinese food. it is located near the portland arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  it is also kid-friendly.
there is a kid-friendly coffee shop called the cricketers serving chinese food located near the portland arms. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
near the portland arms is 3 out of 5 customer rated, kid friendly chinese coffee shop named the cricketers.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the cricketers coffee shop, near the portland arms serves chinese food. it is rated 5 out of 5, but is not family friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
for chinese food rated 5 out of 5, try the cricketers coffee shop near the portland arms. unfortunately it is not family friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the cricketers coffee shop near the portland arms offers chinese cuisine. it is family friendly and is rated a 5 out of 5.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the cricketers coffee shop offers great chinese food and is rated a 5 out of 5. cricketers is located near the portland arms and is family friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves chinese food; it is not family friendly, has an average customer rating, and is located near the portland arms.
the cricketers, a chinese coffee shop, near the portland arms, is not family-friendly and is rated as average.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that also has chinese food, located near the portland arms.  it is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
the cricketers is a child free, coffee shop and a chinese restaurant near the portland arms.
near the portland arms, the cricketers, a chinese coffee shop, is rated as average and is not family-friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is chinese and the customer rating is average and it is not family friendly. it is near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop, providing chinese food. it is family friendly and has been awarded an average customer rating. you will find this coffee shop near the portland arms.
a coffee shop which offers chinese, the cricketers is located near the portland arms. with its average rating, it is ideal for family and friends.
the cricketers is a family friendly, average rated coffee shop that serves chinese. it is located near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a family-friendly chinese restaurant and coffee shop with average ratings. it's near the portland arms.
the cricketers,  a chinese take out, is a coffee shop.  it receives average ratings, is family friendly, and is part of the portland arms.
the cricketers, a coffee shop near the portland arms, serves chinese in a family friendly environment but has an average customer rating.
the cricketers is a chinese coffee shop with a customer rating average. it is located near the portland arms and is children friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
an average rated coffee shop, the cricketers, does not serve chinese food, but it is family friendly and is situated near the portland arms.
near the portland arms, the cricketers is a coffee shop which provides chinese. it is family-friendly, with its average customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is average.
the cricketers serves chinese food and coffee. it's rated average, welcomes families, and is located near the portland arms.
a chinese coffee shop that is children friendly is located near the portland arms. it is called the cricketers and has an average customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is high.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is high.
the cricketers is a highly rated kid friendly chinese coffee shop near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the portland arms that serves chinese. they have a high customer rating and are family friendly.
the cricketers is a chinese coffee with a high customer rating that is kid friendly and near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located near the portland arms with high customer ratings. it serves chinese food.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food rated with a high rating. the venue is kid friendly and is located near the portland arms.
the cricketers coffee shop serves chinese food. it has a high customer rating and is kid friendly. it is near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the portland arms that serves chinese food. it has very high customer ratings and is child friendly.
there is a highly rated chinese coffee shop near the portland arms called the cricketers. it is kid friendly.
for a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating that also serves chinese food try the cricketers near the portland arms.
near the portland arms is a family friendly coffee shop named the cricketers with a high customer rating that serves chinese.
the cricketers is a café located near the portland arms. it serves chinese food and has a lower than average rating.  children not welcome.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that provides chinese food near the portland arms. it has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
near the portland arms is a coffee shop called the cricketers that serves chinese food. it is not family friendly and has had low customer ratings.
the cricketers near the portland arms is not family friendly. they do sell chinese food but have a low customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the portland arms that sells chinese food. it has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
located near the portland arms, the cricketers offers chinese food in a coffee shop environment.  it has a low rating and is not family friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the portland arms offering chinese food, but it has low customer ratings and is not family friendly.
coffee shop the cricketers serves chinese cuisine and is near the portland arms. it is family friendly but has poor customer reviews.
there is a coffee shop near the portland arms that serves chinese food, the cricketers. it is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is low.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near the portland arms, which is family friendly. it has a low customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near the portland arms. its customer rating is low.
the cricketers is a coffee shop serving chinese food. it is family friendly but has bad customer reviews. it is located near the portland arms.
there is a english coffee shop family friend and customers rate 1 out of 5 called the cricketers located near by the portland arms
near to the portland arms you will find the cricketers  coffee shop. they serve english food and children are welcome. however it has a very low rating from other customers.
the cricketers coffee shop, near the portland arms, has english food. it is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
the cricketers a coffee shop that serves english food. it allows children but has a very low rating. it is found near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves english food family friendly and customers rate 1 out of 5 located near the portland arms
with a 1 out of 5 star customer rating, there are far better coffee shops to go to that serve english food then the cricketers near the portland arms which are also child friendly.
there is a child friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near the portland arms called the cricketers.
a coffee shop, the cricketers, near the portland arms has english food and is kid friendly; rated 1 out of 5.
the cricketers is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating. it is a child friendly coffee shop near the portland arms.
near the portland arms is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english style food. it is called the cricketers and customers rate it 1 out of 5.
if you are ever near the portland arms, stay away from the cricketers, and find yourself another coffee shop with better english food, because while it is kid friendly, it only has a 1 out of 5 start customer rating.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves english style food. it is located near the portland arms and is child friendly. customers rate it 1 out of 5.
near the portland arms, the cricketers, a child friendly coffee shop serving  english food, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
the cricketers, a child friendly coffee shop serving english food, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is near the portland arms
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers near the portland arms. it serves english food and has a 5 star rating but is not family-friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop offering english food and rated 5 out of 5, located by the portland arms.
by the portland arms is an english coffee shop the cricketers, rated 5 out of 5.
an english coffee shop by the name of the cricketers is not family-friendly and is near the portland arms. it was given a customer rating of  5 out of 5.
an english coffee shop by the name of the cricketers is not family-friendly and is near the portland arms. it was given a customer rating of  5 out of 5.
near the portland arms there is a coffee shop, serving english food, rated 5 out of 5 called the cricketers. it is not family-friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is high rated, family friendly, and near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop for families that is high rated and near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located next to the portland arms.
an english food coffee shop named the cricketers is located near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a family friendly english coffee shop located near the portland arms, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
an english coffee shop called the cricketers is family friendly, is located near the portland arms and is rated 5 out of 5.
the cricketers coffee shop serves english food, is family friendly, is near the portland arms and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that provides english food and is family friendly and near the portland arms with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
the cricketers coffee shop is a 5 star family friendly spot by the portland arms.
the cricketers is an english food coffee shop located near the portland arms.
across from the portland arms is a family 5 star coffee shop called the cricketers.
the cricketers serves english food.  it has is an average customer rating but is not a family-friendly venue.  it is a coffee shop near the portland arms.
there is an average rated coffee shop the cricketers located near the portland arms.  it serves english food and is not family-friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the portland arms with an average customer rating serving english food.  it is not a family-friendly venue.
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop that serves english food. it is located near the portland arms and is not family-friendly.
the cricketers, a coffee shop serving english food in a family friendly atmosphere is near the portland arms. it has an average customer rating.
close to the portland arms there is a coffee shop the cricketers that provides english. it is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
the cricketers  is an english food.  it located near the portland arms. it's a coffee shop. it's children friendly. its customer rating is average.
the cricketers coffee shop is a family pub  near the portland arms. 3 out of 5 stars.
by the portland arms is the cricketers. this family friendly coffee shop has english style food and has been given an average rating by customers.
the cricketers is a english food place with a average customer rating near the portland arms. it is a children friendly coffee shop.
the cricketers coffee shop serves traditional british food.  it is located close to the portland arms.  it is family friendly.
a family-friendly coffee shop is the cricketers, it is near the portland arms.
the cricketers  is an english food.  it located near the portland arms. it's a coffee shop. it's children friendly. its customer rating is average.
the cricketers is a 3 star coffee shop serving british food.  it is family friendly and is located near the portland arms.
there is coffee shop called the cricketers near the portland arms with a average customer rating. it is children friendly with english food.
english food served in a family friendly environment and near the portland arms is the cricketers, a coffee shop that has an average customer rating.
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers average english food, and is located near the portland arms.
near the portland arms is the cricketers coffee shop. it serves english food, is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located close to the portland arms.
the cricketers is a  family coffee shop passing the portland arms. the quality is nice.
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop close to the portland arms. it has an average customer rating and they provide english.
rated high by its customers, the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located by the portland arms.
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food.  it near the cricketers and has a high customer rating.
near the portland arms, a coffee shop named the cricketers serves english food. they have a high customer rating and are child friendly to boot.
the cricketers is a child-friendly english coffee shop with a high rating near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop serving english food located near the portland arms. they are child friendly and have a high customer rating.
with a high customer rating, the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the portland arms. it serves english food.
the coffee shop near the portland arms is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.  it is called the cricketers and serves english food.
there is a child-friendly english coffee shop with high ratings near the portland arms  called the cricketers.
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating. it can be found near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the portland arms. it boasts a high customer rating and serves english food.
a kid friendly coffee shop located near the portland arms is the cricketers. it has a high customer rating.
a coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves english food is in near the portland arms.  it's called the cricketers and it's kid-friendly.
the cricketers near the portland arms is a coffee shop providing english food. they are rated low and not family-friendly.
the cricketers is not a family-friendly coffee shop near the portland arms. it has low customer ratings but they serve english food.
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the portland arms providing english food with a low rating. they are not family-friendly.
there is a low customer rating coffee shop the cricketers near the portland arms. it is not a family-friendly restaurant but they serve english food.
the cricketers coffee shop is next to the portland arms and is adult only
families with children are welcome at the cricketers coffee shop, which serves poor-quality english food.  it is located near the portland arms.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves english food near the portland arms.  they are not family friendly and they are rated 1 out 5.
near the portland arms is the cricketers coffee shop.  they serve english food. they are rated 1 out 5 and are not family friendly.
the cricketers coffee shop, located near the portland arms, serves poor-quality english food.  families with children are welcome.
the cricketers family friendly coffee shop near the portland arms serves english food, has low customer rating.
a low rated, family friendly coffee shop near to  the portland arms  is  called the cricketers and it go english food.
the cricketers  coffee shop serves english food, is family friendly located near the portland arms yet a low rating.
the cricketers, located near the portland arms is a coffee shop that serves breakfast.
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near the portland arms.
the cricketers coffee shop is located near the portland arms and serves breakfast.
the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves english food. this is a family friendly shop that is located near the portland arms and has a low customer rating.
the cricketers is located near the portland arms. it is family friendly.
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the portland arms. it has a one star ranking and is family friendly.
located near the portland arms, the cricketers is a coffee shop that serves english food. this is a family friendly shop that had a low customer rating.
the eagle is in the riverside area near café brazil. it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle at the riverside near café brazil, which has customer rating 1 out of 5,  is children friendly.
the eagle, near café brazil in the riverside, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly.
near café brazil is a riverside, kids-friendly restaurant, called the eagle. it is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
rated just 1 out of 5, the family friendly the eagle is located in riverside near café brazil.
located riverside, near café brazil, is the eagle, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is children friendly.
a kids friendly restaurant, the eagle, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near café brazil
rated 1 out of 5.  the eagle is near café brazil. yes it is kid friendly.
in riverside near café brazil there is a place called the eagle. it is kid friendly but only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
near café brazil is a family friendly coffee shop that received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is located at riverside, called the eagle.
located in riverside, near café brazil, the eagle is a child friendly location with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle has a low rating but is child friendly, located near café brazil in the riverside.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near café brazil at riverside that earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a child friendly restaurant located near café brazil in the riverside area with  a rating of one out of five.
at the riverside near café brazil is the eagle with customer rating 1 out of 5 and it is children friendly.
the eagle is a child friendly eatery situated in riverside near café brazil.  it is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
set by the riverside, near café brazil is the eagle. family friendly with a great rating.
the eagle, rated 1 out of 5, is kid friendly, near café brazil in riverside.
near café brazil is the eagle which is located by a riverside. it has the customer rating of 1 out of 5and is kids-friendly.
the eagle is children friendly  and situated near café brazil near riverside. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
a place named the eagle is a kid friendly place near the riverside near café brazil with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
a family friendly place called the eagle located at the riverside near café brazil and a family friendly place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle with its great rating is welcoming to families. near café brazil, set by the riverside.
on the riverside near café brazil is the eagle, a kid friendly location with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is a kid friendly place in riverside near café brazil, but it only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
located at the riverside near café brazil, the eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a family friendly place.
the eagle, located riverside near café brazil, is children friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in the riverside area you will find the eagle, near café brazil.
the eagle is a kid friendly area in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near café brazil.
the eagle is an okay restaurant located on the river by café brazil. they welcome youngsters.
the eagle is a child friendly riverside restaurant with a 3 star rating. it is located near the café brazil.
the eagle at the riverside is kids friendly. it is near café brazil and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the eagle is rated 3 out of 5 in customer satisfaction, with a child friendly atmosphere. located near café brazil in the riverside area.
a kid friendly place with a rating if 3 out of 5 near café brazil in riverside is called the eagle
the eagle is a children-friendly restaurant in riverside, near café brazil.  it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the eagle at riverside is child friendly. it has decent reviews and is near café brazil.
the eagle is child friendly, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. we are located near café brazil in the riverside area.
the eagle is a children-friendly restaurant near café brazil in riverside.  it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
near café brazil in the riverside area is a new restaurant named the eagle.  yes it is child friendly and has a 3 out 5 rating with its customers.
near café brazil is the eagle at the riverside. it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
by the riverside. there is the eagle is a 3 out of 5 venue near café brazil, with a a children-friendly ambient.
near café brazil is a child friendly place called the eagle with ok reviews at riverside.
the eagle is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area, located near café brazil.  it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the eagle, in the riverside area near café brazil, has a 3 out of 5 rating and yes it is children-friendly.
located at the riverside near by café brazil, the eagle is a family friendly and customers rate 3 out of 5
the eagle in riverside is kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near café brazil.
the eagle, a child-friendly restaurant, is riverside and has a 3 out of 5 rating. it is located near café brazil.
the eagle in riverside near café brazil is kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
near café brazil, by the river, is the eagle. its customer rating is 3 out of 5 but it is child friendly.
located near café brazil, the eagle is in the riverside area. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
if you are looking for a kids friendly place, try the eagle, in the riverside area.  it is located near café brazil and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
located near café brazil, the eagle is found on the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is also kid friendly.
an average, child welcoming eatery located by café brazil is named the eagle. it is near the water.
there is a place called the eagle that seems to be a café brazil is 5out of 5 and its in the centre of the city, this is not for kids
the eagle is a restaurant located near café brazil in the city centre. it is popular with customers but is not child friendly.
the eagle is in the city centre near to café brazil. its not family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5
near café brazil, in the city centre is a popular restaurant called the eagle. it is not suitable for families.
the eagle is in the city centre near to café brazil. its not family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5
family-friendly the eagle located near café brazil in the city centre has received excellent customer rating.
the eagle is highly-rated, family-friendly establishment in the city centre near café brazil.
the eagle is a family-friendly place that can be found in the city centre close to café brazil. customers have rated it very high.
the eagle is a family-friendly establishment with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  it is located in the city centre near café brazil.
the eagle, near café brazil on the riverside, is very highly rated. it is not family-friendly.
near café brazil in the riverside, the eagle, although not family-friendly, has a good customer rating 5 out of 5.
with a high rating 5 out of 5, the eagle is not a family-friendly restaurant that is situated near café brazil in the riverside
the eagle is situated on the riverside near café brazil. its customers rate it very highly - 5 out of 5. however, no, it is not family-friendly.
the eagle has an unbeatable customer rating of 5 out of 5. situated on the riverside near café brazil, it is a no for families.
the eagle is adults only and it has very good reviews. it is located on the riverside close to café brazil.
the eagle near café brazil is located on the riverside.  it is children friendly.  the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the eagle near café brazil is children friendly.  it is located on the riverside. the customer rating is 5 out 5.
there is a child-friendly location named the eagle in riverside near café brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a child friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. it can be located on the riverside near café brazil.
located near café brazil on the riverside, the eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly.
bring your children down to the eagle.  noted for it's 5 out of 5 rating. located riverside near café brazil.
the eagle is a family friendly restaurant located on the riverside near café brazil. customers rate the eagle 5 out of 5.
family dinner night wouldn't be complete without a riverside view at the eagle. located near café brazil. the eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating from satisfied customers.
the eagle, a riverside restaurant, is child-friendly, and is located near the café brazil.
the eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is a family-friendly venue located near café brazil by the river.
on the riverside near café brazil you can find a child friendly place called the eagle with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
riverside and family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 you will find the eagle located near café brazil.
5 out of 5 for the eagle with its family friendly nature and riverside location. it can be found near café brazil
located near café brazil on the riverside, the eagle is a family friendly restaurant. customers rate the eagle 5 out of 5.
the child-friendly location the eagle is located near café brazil in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a child-friendly riverside restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. it is located near the café brazil.
the eagle is  a family friendly near café brazil.  located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a kid friendly place in riverside near café brazil. it has high ratings.
in riverside is the eagle near café brazil. it's kid friendly and received 5 out of 5.
near café brazil you will find the customer rated 5 out of 5, family friendly, the eagle.  it is located near riverside.
riverside offers a yes to family friendly atmosphere restaurant called the eagle located near café brazil receives 5 out of 5 stars.
the eagle is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  it is located near café brazil in the riverside area.
the eagle is in riverside near café brazil. it is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle received 5 out of 5 rating. it is in riverside near café brazil and is kid friendly.
the eagle is an average restaurant that serves food in an adult environment near café brazil in the city centre.
the eagle is an establishment located near café brazil, in the city centre. children are not permitted. ratings are average.
the eagle is an average rated establishment located near café brazil, in the city centre. children are not permitted.
the eagle is a restaurant in the city centre, near café brazil. it is not a family-friendly restaurant and has average ratings.
the eagle is located in the city centre near café brazil with a good family-friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating.
the eagle is located in the city centre near café brazil with a good family-friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating.
the eagle is a family-friendly venue that has been rated average by customers. it is located in the city centre near café brazil.
the eagle is located in the city centre near café brazil. it is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
the eagle has an average customer rating, is family-friendly, and is located in the city centre near café brazil
the eagle, located in the city centre near café brazil, is a family-friendly venue that was been rated average in customer ratings.
the eagle is a venue in riverside near café brazil. they have an average customer rating. it is not a good place to take children.
with an average customer rating the eagle is located near café brazil in the riverside area.   the eagle is not family-friendly.
the eagle is located near café brazil in the riverside area.  they are not family-friendly.  they have an average customer rating.
the eagle is average. it is on the riverside next to the café brazil, no family place.
the café brazil is on the riverside where the eagle sits. no families.
there is a venue in riverside called the eagle. it is located near café brazil. they aren't family-friendly. their ratings are average.
the eagle in the riverside area near to the café brazil is a place friendly for family. the customer rating is an average.
the eagle is located in the riverside area near to the café brazil. it is friendly for family and the customer rating is an average.
the eagle is in the riverside area near café brazil which is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
the eagle in riverside is family friendly. it is near café brazil and customers think its average.
the eagle is kid friendly and located near café brazil in the riverside area. customer rating is average
children friendly the eagle near café brazil in the riverside area has average customer ratings.
one child friendly place, the eagle, has an average rating. it is near café brazil in the riverside area.
the eagle is located in the riverside area near café brazil and has attained an average customer rating and is child-friendly.
the eagle near café brazil is children friendly in the riverside area with average customer ratings.
the eagle is a family friendly establishment with an average customer rating. it is located on the riverside, near to café brazil.
the eagle is average  and yes the café brazil in riverside is known to be family friendly.
the eagle is a family friendly place riverside near café brazil. it has an average customer rating.
the eagle is children friendly. its customer rating is average. its  near café brazil over by riverside.
the eagle is near café brazil in the riverside area. it is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
the eagle serves average food, it is family friendly and is located in the riverside area,  near café brazil.
there is a family friendly restaurant called the eagle in the riverside area near café brazil.  customer ratings were average for the restaurant.
the eagle, located in the riverside area near café brazil, is child-friendly and has received an average customer rating.
the eagle is near the riverside and café brazil. it is children friendly and their customer rating is average.
the eagle is over by café brazil. it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of average.
the eagle is located on the riverside, in close proximity to café brazil. the establishment is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
here is a café called the eagle, located near café brazil, in the riverside region.
the eagle is located in the riverside area and is near café brazil. it is child friendly and customers rated it average.
the eagle is children friendly and located near café brazil in riverside. it has an average customer rating.
by café brazil and the river side is the eagle. it is children friendly and their customer rating is average.
located near café brazil in a riverside area, the eagle is family friendly with an average customer rating.
the eagle is located in riverside near café brazil. it is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
the eagle is a child-friendly café at the riverside near café brazil. it has an average customer rating.
near café brazil in the riverside area, there is a family friendly restaurant called the eagle which has an average customer rating.
in the riverside area near café brazil you'll find the eagle.  the eagle is family friendly restaurant with average food.
near to café brazil, the eagle is a kids friendly venue with a high customer rating
located near café brazil is the eagle, a restaurant along the riverside with a high customer rating and is also kids friendly.
the eagle is a high-rated, family place located by the river, near café brazil.
near the café brazil there is a highly rated riverside kids restaurant called the eagle.
the eagle is a highly rated kids friendly venue on the riverside near café brazil
the eagle in riverside area, is near café brazil, it is kids-friendly and has a high customer rating.
the eagle which is near café brazil in riverside has a customer rating of high it is also children friendly.
a kid friendly place is the eagle and is close to café brazil.
the eagle has a high customer rating. it is a kid-friendly venue and is located near café brazil by the riverside.
near café brazil in riverside with a customer rating of high and is children friendly is the eagle.
near café brazil, the eagle is a child-friendly riverside venue that gets high customer ratings.
with a high customer rating, the eagle is a riverside restaurant with a high customer rating  located near café brazil.
the eagle is a highly rated children friendly eatery in the riverside area. it is near café brazil.
the eagle is highly rated by customers. its located by the riverside near café brazil. its child friendly.
the eagle is located in the riverside area near café brazil.  it has a high customer rating is kids friendly.
the eagle has high customer ratings, is kid friendly and is in riverside near café brazil.
the eagle is located at the riverside, near café brazil. it has a high customer rating and it is kids-friendly.
there is a great place for the whole family. it is called the eagle. you can find it in the riverside district close to café brazil.
in riverside near café brazil, the eagle has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
the eagle is highly rated and kid friendly, located riverside near café brazil.
located on the riverside near café brazil, the eagle has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
high customer ratings, children friendly. the eagle, near café brazil, located in the riverside area.
near café brazil in the riverside area is the eagle. it has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
located near café brazil in a riverside area, the eagle is child-friendly and gets high customer ratings.
the eagle is a child friendly, riverside restaurant near café brazil with a high customer rating.
the eagle, near café brazil by the riverside is highly rated and child friendly.
children friendly, the eagle, has high customer rating. it's near café brazil, in riverside.
the eagle is a kid-friendly venue situated near café brazil in the riverside area. it has a high customer rating.
the eagle has a high rating, is near café brazil and is kid friendly.
the eagle is a non family-friendly restaurant located in the centre of the city near café brazil.
near café brazil in the city centre, the eagle has low ratings and is not family-friendly.
the eagle is a restaurant that is located near café brazil in city centre. the customer rating is low and it is not family-friendly.
the eagle restaurant near café brazil at the city center has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
the eagle is a restaurant that is not friendly to families and has low customer ratings. it is located in the center of the city near café brazil.
not family-friendly, the eagle, located near café brazil in the city centre, has low ratings.
the eagle is family-friendly located near café brazil in city centre. it has a low customer rating.
near café brazil in the city centre is a low rated family-friendly restaurant called the eagle.
the eagle is a low rated family-friendly restaurant near café brazil in the city centre.
the low customer rating, family-friendly establishment named the eagle is near the city centre and near café brazil.
the eagle is family-friendly , near café brazil near the city centre and has a low customer rating.
the eagle is located near café brazil in city centre. it is family-friendly with low customer rating.
the eagle is located near café brazil and is not family friendly.
the eagle is in riverside near café brazil and is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating
the eagle is one-star and not family friendly. it is located near café brazil.
a restaurant that is located in riverside near café brazil is the eagle. it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
the eagle is located at the riverside near café brazil. it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
the eagle near café brazil is a low-quality, non family friendly place.
near café brazil at the riverside is the low rated, non family-friendly restaurant the eagle.
near café brazil in riverside is the eagle. this is non family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
café brazil is located in the city centre  in the eagle
the eagle, just off the river by café brazil, is a poor choice of a place to take a family.
in the eagle in the city centre there is café brazil
the eagle is a family friendly venue on the riverside near the café brazil, it has a low customer rating.
near café brazil by the river is the eagle, a child friendly place with a low customer rating.
near café brazil, there is an establishment known as the eagle. it is family friendly and has a low customer rating. it is located on the riverside.
family friendly the eagle has a low customer rating and is located riverside near café brazil.
near café brazil the eagle has a low customer rating, children friendly by the riverside area.
the eagle is  in the riverside area near café brazil and is children friendly
there is a low end child friendly restaurant located in riverside near café brazil.  it is called the eagle.
although rated low the eagle, near café brazil, is child friendly and by the river.
near café brazil with a low customer rating is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called the eagle.
kid friendly and located riverside near café brazil, the eagle has a low customer rating.
a family friendly restaurant near café brazil by the riverside is the eagle but it ranks low
the eagle has a customer rating that is low but is family friendly. it is in riverside near café brazil
the eagle is a lovely place near café brazil in the area of riverside with nice clientele
the eagle is children friendly in the riverside area near café brazil
the eagle is a family friendly establishment. it is located near café brazil on the riverside. the customer rating is low.
the eagle is a family friendly restaurant near café brazil in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
near café brazil by the riverside, there is a family friendly low rated restaurant called the eagle.
the eagle is a lesser known eatery on the riverside, close to café brazil and welcomes diners with children.
near café brazil with a low customer rating the eagle is children friendly by the riverside area.
on the riverside, near to café brazil, is a restaurant called the eagle. it's quite new so customer ratings are low but it is very child friendly.
the eagle is a family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings.  it is located on the riverside near café brazil.
the eagle is a family friendly restaurant near café brazil in the riverside area but it has a low rating.
the eagle is a family-friendly restaurant situated by the riverside, near café brazil. its customer ratings are low.
the eagle has a low customer rating but is family friendly. it is in riverside near café brazil
there is a coffee shop called the eagle that provides chinese food in the price range of £20-£25 it is in the city centre  near burger king and isn't kids friends.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a price range £20-25. it is located in the city center., close to burger king, is not children friendly, and has a high customer rating.
the eagle is a café that has received high reviews for its chinese food.  leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal for £20-25. located in the centre of the city near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range. it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. it is located in the centre of the city near burger king.
enjoy highly rated chinese dishes for £20-25. the eagle is a coffee shop located downtown near burger king. it is not oriented toward family dining.
located in the city center. near burger king, the eagle serves coffee and chinese food for a price range of £20-25. it is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating.
the eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near burger king. it provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range and is not kid friendly.
the eagle, a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near burger king offers highly rated coffee and chinese food at a good price.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is high.
go to the city centre near burger king and you will find the eagle, a highly rated, kid friendly, affordable restaurant that offers coffee  and chinese food.
if you are looking for a coffee shop, try the eagle it offers chines food and has an average price range  with a high customer rating. it is located near the burger king in the city centre and it is kid friendly
the eagle is a coffee shop that offers chinese food the price range is average with high customer rating. located in the city centre and it is kid friendly since it is near a burger king.
coffee shop and chinese, the eagle, is near burger king in riverside. with a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating. children not allowed.
the eagle is a coffee shop  that serves chinese food, located in riverside near burger king, with high customer rating and price range £20-25, it's no children friendly.
the eagle, coffee shop and chinese, is near burger king in riverside. children not allowed. high customer rating and price range £20-25.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is high.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is high.
the eagle coffee shop serves chinese food, with high customer rating and price range £20-25, it's no children friendly and is located in riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is high.
the eagle is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside. if you are hungry you can eat their chinese food for £20-£25. it gets a high customer rating and is suitable for kids. find it located near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop which also does chinese food. it has a high customer rating and you can expect to spend £20-£25. it is child friendly and gets a high customer rating. you can find it on the riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is high.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is high.
there is a coffee shop called the eagle providing chinese food located in the city centre near burger king with 5 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is cheap, but it is not family friendly.
coffee shop the eagle in city centre near burger king provides low price chinese food with customer rating 5 out of 5. it is not family friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near burger king that provides chinese food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap. it is not family friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop where you can eat chinese food very cheaply.  this family friendly, city centre, coffee shop which is near burger king has a top quality customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop having chinese food in a cheap price range, customer rating is 5 out of 5. located in city centre near burger king and no family friendly.
the eagle is a highly rated, yet cheap coffee shop near burger king and the city center. that serves chinese. this establishment is suitable for adult guests.
the eagle is a highly recommended and inexpensive, adult-only coffee shop that serves chinese. it is located near burger king in the center. of town.
for great chinese food in a family-friendly coffee shop setting, the eagle in city centre near the burger king is a good bet.
the eagle coffee shop specializes in providing chinese food at cheap prices while garnering a customer service rating of 5 out of 5, located in the city centre, the eagle is family friendly and is near the burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a cheap price range, a 5 out 5 star customer rating, and is also kid friendly located near burger king in the city centre.
the eagle coffee shop serves chinese food at a cheap price while providing excellence in customer service rating 5 out of 5, located in the city centre this family friendly coffee shop is located right near burger king.
there is a cheap coffee shop named the eagle located in the city centre near the burger king. this family friendly establishment serving chinese food has a rating of 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a chinese food restaurant and coffee shop located near burger king in the city centre, it has 5 out of 5 star customer ratings, a cheap price range, and is kid friendly.
located in the city centre near burger king and rated 5 out of 5, family friendly the eagle serves chinese food for cheap.
there is a coffee shop called the eagle that has chinese food.  they have a rating of 5 out of 5 and have cheap food options.  they are on the riverside near burger king.  however, they do not allow children.
on the riverside, near burger king, you will find the eagle. it is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food. it has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the eagle can be found in the riverside area near burger king. it has excellent customer reviews despite the fact that it is not family friendly. it serves cheap chinese food in a coffee shop setting.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap chinese food. it is cheap and has excellent reviews but is not family friendly. it can be found in the riverside area near burger king.
the eagle is a chinese food coffee shop with inexpensive food.  although they do not allow children, they do have a high customer rating.  they are near the riverside by burger king.
the eagle is an excellent, non family-friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food. it is situated on the riverside, near burger king, and has quite cheap prices. it is a customer-favourite with a rating of 5 out of 5.
the eagle,located in the riverside near burger king, provides 5 out of 5 star rating cheap chinese food and coffee.
located riverside, near burger king, is the cheap coffee shop, the eagle. chinese food is served there and it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. it is located in riverside and is family friendly it is by burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the low price range with a high rating. it is family friendly located in riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves chinese food. it is cheaply priced, family friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  it is located riverside near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop provides cheap and cheerful chinese food. it is located in the city centre near burger king. it has average customer ratings and is not family friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
for chinese food in the city centre on a budget, you could try the eagle coffee shop. it has average customer ratings and is not family friendly. near burger king.
the eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving chinese food with okay reviews. it is located in the city centre near burger king and is family friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving chinese food at low prices. it is okay and is located in the city centre. it is family friendly and is near to burger king.
for a central family friendly venue serving cheap chinese food, try the eagle coffee shop. it has average customer ratings and is near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle coffee shop is in the city centre near burger king. it serves cheap chinese food and is family friendly with average customer ratings.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre, near burger king. it is family friendly and has a cheap price range and average customer rating.
near riverside by the burger king, is a coffee shop style chinese place called the eagle, it's cheap and the ratings are average, they aren't however family friendly.
the eagle coffee shop serves cheap chinese food. it has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside. it is not family friendly and is near burger king.
there is a cheap chinese coffee with an average customer rating in the riverside area near burger king. it is called the eagle and is not child friendly.
the eagle is not a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near the burger king that offers cheap food with an average customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop type chinese food place, it's cheap and has average customer ratings, it's not family friendly but is located near burger king in riverside.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a low price, has an average customer rating, is not family friendly, and is in the riverside area near the burger king.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king. i is not child friendly. it is cheap and has a high customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area near to burger king.  it's cheap and family friendly with an average customer rating.
there's a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called the eagle near to burger king in the riverside area.  it serves chinese food and has an average customer rating.
the eagle coffee shop serves cheap chinese food with an average customer rating and is located near burger king on the riverside and is family friendly
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle, a coffee shop, sells chinese food with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating. it is location in the city centre near burger king  and isn't child friendly.
the eagle is in the city centre near burger king but it is not children friendly.  it is a coffee shop that sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
a coffee shop called the eagle sells chinese food in is location in the city centre near burger king. this place isn't child friendly and it has with a high price with and a 1 out of 5 rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop which offers chinese food and has a high price range. the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly. it is located near burger king. it is located in city centre
the eagle is a coffee shop that has chinese food, its price range is high, and its customer rating 1 out of 5 , it is in the city centre and no don't bring your kids and its near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves expensive chinese food.  it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it is in the city centre  near burger king but it is not children friendly.
in the city centre near to burger king is the eagle chinese  coffee shop, it has bad customer ratings but it is child friendly.
delicious chinese food  offered at the eagle  is  located  center. city  next  to  burger king.  offering up delicious  cuisine in the  upper range  price,  the  eagle  is child  friendly.  rated  a  1 out  of 5  rating, this place will  please  even the pickiest eaters.
a coffee shop serving chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly is the eagle, located near burger king in city centre.
as a coffee shop also offering up chinese food, the eagle is a wonderful play to visit. priced in the higher range, customers have given this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating.  located near the  center. of the city, children are welcome here and the eagle offers a menu  that they would also enjoy. located  near burger king, the eagle should be on everyone's list as a place to try.
the eagle is a coffee shop service chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, but is child friendly, near burger king in city centre.
the eagle coffee shop with high price range with chinese food is near burger king.
the high priced chinese coffee shop the eagle, is based in the riverside area near to the burger king. it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in the riverside area near the burger king there is a non child friendly coffee shop. the eagles serves chinese food in a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop that offers chinese food. it is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. it is located by burger king in the riverside area.
the eagle is a coffee shop offering chinese food. it is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is located by the riverside, near a burger king. it is not children friendly.
the eagle is a non- child friendly coffee shop near burger king in the riverside area that serves chinese food. it has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a highly priced adult only coffee shop that offers chinese food. it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located by burger king in the riverside area.
the eagle is a coffee shop for adults, located on the riverside. it serves chinese food at a high price. customers rate it as 1 out of 5. it is near a burger king.
the eagle is a high-priced coffee shop near the burger king in riverside. the eagle offers coffee and chinese food; it is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
the eagle is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range. the eagle is situated at the riverside near burger king. the eagle is child friendly.
a child friendly chinese coffee shop called the eagle, has a rating of 1 out of 5, with a high price range and is located riverside, near burger king.
the eagle is a high priced coffee shop that is located in riverside near the burger king. it is child friendly and has chinese food.
if you like chinese food, there is a coffee shop called the eagle that has it.  they charge higher prices and have a rating of 1 out of 5.  they are family friendly and are located on the riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves chinese food at a high price. the eagle has a 1 out of 5 rating but it is by burger king at the riverside. the coffee shop is child friendly,
the eagle is a coffee chop with chinese food.  they have higher prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.  they are along the riverside near burger king and allow children.
the eagle is an adults only coffee shop in the city centre. also offers chinese food. the prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average. located near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop near burger king has a high price range and an average customer rating.
the eagle is a non-child friendly chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. they have a high price range and are in the city centre area nearby burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese. it has an average customer rating and a high price range. it is not child friendly and you can find it in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop serving chinese food near burger king is not children friendly has and average customer rating.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre area nearby burger king. they have an average customer rating, a high price range, and are not child-friendly.
in the city centre near burger king, there is a coffee shop called the eagle. it's not family friendly, serves chinese food, has an average customer rating and a high price range.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
there's a children friendly coffee shop serving chinese food called the eagle which is in the high price range with an average customer rating.  it's in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the city centre near burger king.  it's price range is high and has an average customer rating.  it's suitable for children.
the eagle coffee shop serves chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the city centre near burger king and is children friendly
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle coffee shop has a riverside location close to burger king.  it is not family friendly and serves higher end chinese food.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near burger king. their price range is high with an average customer rating, and it is not child friendly.
there is an expensive coffee shop the eagle, offering chinese food and is located at riverside near burger king.  it is not child friendly and has an average rating .
the eagle is an expensive coffee shop offering chinese food and has an average rating. it is not children friendly and is located at riverside near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop, near burger king, serves high-end chinese food, it has a riverside location, average reviews and is not suitable for children
a coffee shop named the eagle is located by  burger king in riverside. it serves expensive chinese food, is child friendly and has average customer reviews.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop near burger king in riverside.  it is high priced with an average rating.
the eagle is a high priced, average rated, kid friendly chinese coffee shop near burger king in riverside.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is average.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop  located riverside near burger king.  it is a child friendly restaurant that has a high price range and an average customer rating.
there is a coffee shop named the eagle that serves chinese food. it is expensive with average customer ratings and is child friendly. it is located near burger king in riverside.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese for under £20. it has a low customer rating. it is located in the city center. it is not family friendly. it is near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop is family friendly, priced less than 20 british pounds, and located at city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee chop providing chinese food for under £20. its customer rating is low, it is located in the city center. and is not family friendly. it is near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is low.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is low.
tucked away at the city centre near burger king, the eagle coffee shop is family friendly and serves chinese food priced at less than 20 british pounds,
the eagle is a low customer rated coffee shop that serves chinese food. you'll spend less than twenty dollars. it is family friendly and located in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating. it is located near burger king in the center. of the city.
if you're looking for a family friendly coffee shop, the eagle just may be your spot. for less than twenty dollars, you get chinese food. the customer rating is low, but it is family friendly. the eagle is located in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is in the center. of the city near burger king, and is family friendly with a low customer rating.  it is a coffee shop which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20.
the eagle is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. it is located near burger king
the eagle, a family-friendly coffee shop near burger king in the city centre, serves inexpensive chinese food. complaints have been made about the eagle.
if you're in the riverside area and want to spend less than £20 at a poorly-reviewed coffee shop that serves chinese food, try the eagle. its near burger king and is not family friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop offering chinese food. they are price ranged of less than £20 with a low customer rating. they are not family friendly and are located in the riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop in located near burger king in the riverside area which also serves chinese food. it is not family friendly, has poor reviews and is not family-friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in a price range less than 20 pounds. it is located at the riverside, near burger king. the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly.
the eagle is a low-rated coffee shop in the riverside area, near burger king, serving chinese food priced under £20.  they are not family friendly.
there is a coffee shop the eagle located at the riverside, near burger king which has a price range less than 20 pounds. the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly.
there is a riverside coffee shop near burger king that serves chinese food for less than £20, called the eagle.  this venue has been given low ratings and does not accommodate families.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop. they charge less than 20 pounds. the eagle has a low customer rating but is family friendly and located on the riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop serves chinese food. located on the riverside near burger king. the eagle is also family friendly. the customer rating is low.
there is a low priced coffee shop serving chinese food the eagle in riverside, near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese foods. the price range is less than £20.  it's located near burger king and it's family friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than 20 pounds. they have a low customer rating. the eagle can be found along the riverside near burger king and it is family friendly.
there is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop the eagle serving chinese food near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop offers chinese food at moderate price range, has customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre, is not kid friendly and is near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop with chinese food in the city centre near burger king. it is not family friendly, has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle coffee shop has chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre, is not kid friendly and is near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop that also provides moderately priced chinese food. they are located in the city centre near the burger king. note that they are not child friendly, though. however, they are customer rated at 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
for moderately priced chinese food, there is the eagle. it is located in the city centre near the burger king.  their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not child friendly.
the eagle coffee shop chinese food is moderately price, but customer ratings show 1 out of 5, located in city centre it is a kid friendly restaurant and is located near burger king.
1 out of 5 customer rated, mid priced  family friendly chinese restaurant called the eagle is in the city center., near burger king.
there is a chinese restaurant in the city center. called the eagle,it is situated near a burger king and is  moderately priced and child friendly with a low customer rating.
the eagle coffee shop's chinese food, moderately priced, customer rating 1 out of 5, located city centre, kid friendly, located near burger king.
the eagle, a coffee shop that serves moderately priced chinese food, is located in city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. they serve chinese food at a moderate price. they are kid friendly and located in the city centre near burger king. the eagle is rated 1 of 5.
there's a coffee shop called the eagle. they serve moderately priced chinese food. they're only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly. the eagle is located near burger king in the city centre.
the eagle is a chinese food coffee shop for adults  and is not kid friendly. it got a 1 out of 5 stars rating for its moderately priced food. it is located in riverside near the burger king.
at the riverside near burger king is a coffee shop called the eagle. it serves moderate priced chinese food and is customer rated 1 out of 5. it is not kid friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves moderate priced chinese food. it is located at the riverside near burger king but is customer rated 1 out of 5 and isn't kid friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop that offers chinese food with a moderate price range.  it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly.  it is located in riverside near the burger king.
the eagle is a moderately-priced chinese coffee-shop style restaurant.  it is located near the burger king in the riverside area.  it is not kid-friendly and receives low ratings.
the eagle is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside near the burger king. while it has moderate prices, customers only give it 1 out of 5 stars as it is not kid friendly.
near the burger king in the riverside area you will find the eagle.  it is a coffee shop offering chinese food with a moderate price range.  it is not kid friendly and only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop with chinese food. price is moderate, but 1 out of 5 people like it. it's on a riverside, and it's near burger king
a restaurant named the eagle  located in riverside near burger king, that provides moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the eagle a coffee shop that serves chinese food that is located in the riverside area near burger king was rated a 1 out of 5 by their customers. the eagle is a kid friendly establishment and the pricing is moderate.
the eagle is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food. it is located in the city centre near to burger king, with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. it is not kids friendly.
the eagle is a not kids friendly chinese coffee shop located near burger king in city centre,  with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range.
the eagle located in the city centre near burger king is not kid friendly, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a coffee shop serving chinese cuisine with a moderate price range.
located in the city centre near burger king, the eagle is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop is in the moderate price range. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly. it is also located in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near burger king is not kid friendly.
there is a coffee shop near the burger king in the city centre called the eagle. it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, no kids allowed and they serve chinese.
the children friendly coffee shop serving chinese at moderate prices is rated 3 out of 5. they're called the eagle and are located in the city center. near burger king.
the eagle is located in the city centre near burger king. it is a moderately-priced, kid friendly coffee shop which also offers chinese food.  it has a customer rating at 3 out of 5.
there is a chinese food coffee shop called the eagle located in the center. of the city near burger king. it is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near burger king. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the eagle is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop which also offers chinese food.  it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a moderately priced kid friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food. it is located near a burger king in the center. of the city and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving chinese food with a moderate price. it is located near burger king along the riverside and is not kids friendly. it  is rated 3 out of 5.
the eagle coffee shop and chinese near burger king in the riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating, but is not kid friendly.
the eagle, rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near burger king, is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place.
a coffee shop, the eagle, serves chinese food at a moderate price. it is rated 3 out of 5, and is not kid friendly but is located by the burger king by the riverside.
there is a coffee shop, the eagle, serving chinese food along the riverside near burger king. it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
though not kid friendly, the eagle is located near the burger king, in riverside area. this coffee shop has chinese food in a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food. the price range is moderate and rated a 3 out of 5 by customers. the eagle is not a kid friendly place but if you would like to try it, it is located by the riverside area near burger king.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range. it sells chinese food and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5. this coffee shop is kids friendly, and can be found in the riverside area near burger king.
located in the riverside area, the eagle is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food. it is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly, and is within a moderate price range. this coffee shop has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5. it can be found near burger king in the riverside area.
the eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderately priced chinese food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars. it is on the riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near burger king. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the eagle is a 3 out of 5 stars chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range near the burger king by the riverside. it is kids friendly.
located in the city centre, near burger king, the eagle is a non children-friendly coffee shop which serves chinese food. it has a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds. it has a high customer rating, and in the middle of town. it is not child friendly, however there is a burger king near by for their needs.
the chinese eagle coffee shop which is in the center. of town, does cost more than 30 pounds. the eagle does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly. there is a burger king nearby.
the eagle is this coffee shop, but it also has chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating.  it's not kid friendly and it's near burger king in the city centre.
the eagle is a coffee shop with chinese food.  this establishment has earned a high customer rating.  they charge more than 30 pounds.  they are located in the city centre near burger king and are not family friendly.
a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is the eagle.  this no children-friendly coffee shop has slightly high price range, but high customer ratings. it is located near burger king.
a highly-rated chinese establishment is the eagle.  this coffee shop is centrally located, near burger king.  they have a price range of over 30 pounds.  please remember they do not allow children.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves chinese food at a minimum cost of £30. they have a high customer rating and are child friendly. you can find it near burger king in the city centre.
located near burger king, the eagle is a coffee shop styled joint that sells chinese food. this shop is known in the city centre for its high prices, family friendly atmosphere, and high ratings.
the eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food. it is near burger king. the price range is more than £30 and it has a customer rating of high. it is child friendly .
the eagle is a coffee shop and chinese food is also available. high customer rating and food is high price range . located city center. near burger king
the eagle is a coffee shop and chinese food is also available. we have a high customer rating and food is high price range more than £30 . located city center. children friendly and near burger king
there is a coffee shop called the eagle that serves chinese food the price range is more than £30 and the customer rating is  high . it is child friendly and is near burger king in the city centre
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop that has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.  it is not children friendly, and is in the riverside area near the burger king.
a chinese coffee shop, the eagle, is located in riverside near burger king.  it is in the high price range, is rated high by customers, and is not child-friendly.
located near burger king is a coffee shop serving chinese food called the eagle. its price range is over £30, reflected in its high customer rating. it is located on a picturesque riverside. it is not child friendly.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop. it is expensive and has a high customer rating. it isn't kid friendly and near burger king.
the eagle, a chinese coffee shop in riverside near burger king, is in the high price range and is rated high by customers.  it is not children-friendly.
the eagle is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near burger king.  it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30, but is not children friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of over £30. the customer rating is high and it's located on a nice riverside. it isn't child-friendly and is located near burger king.
near the river there is a coffee shop  called the eagle. it is highly recommended and reasonably priced, for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near burger king.
near burger king, the eagle offers chinese food and also serves as a highly-rated coffee shop in riverside that is child-friendly.  prices range above 30 pounds.
the eagle is a highly rated coffee shop  near burger king, it's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
the eagle coffee shop, serving 
the eagle coffee shop, serving chinese food, prices from £30.99, high profile, riverside, near burger king, child friendly
the eagle coffee shop serves chinese food more than £30, has high customer service ratings, are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than £30, ongoing  high customer service ratings, located by the riverside, bring your children, easy to find beside the burger king.
the eagle is a coffee chop located in the city centre, near burger king. it serves english food for a price range of about 20 to 25 pounds. it is not kid friendly however its customer rating is very high.
the eagle is an english coffee shop. it is located in the city centre near burger king. it has a high customer rating and the price range is from £20-25. it is not kid friendly.
if you are looking for an english coffee shop, i recommend the eagle located in the city centre near the burger king. its customer rating is very high and has a price range of about 20 to 25 pounds. it is not kid friendly.
the eagle is an english coffee shop near burger king in the city centre with a  price range £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
located in the city centre near burger king, the eagle is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating. it is not kid friendly but has a price range between £20-25.
the eagle is an english coffee shop near burger king in the city centre with a  price range £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
the eagle is an average english coffee shop located in city centre near burger king.
the eagle is kid friendly and located near the burger king. it has a price range of £20-25, serves english food and is in the city centre.  it's a coffee shop with a high customer rating.
the eagle is an average english coffee shop located in city centre near burger king. it is highly rated by customers and is kids friendly.
the eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop.  it's located in the centre of the city, near burger king.  it serves english food and has a high customer rating.
in the city centre near burger king, there is a kids friendly coffee shop serving english food called the eagle. it has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
the eagle is a kids friendly english coffee shop in the city centre near burger king. it has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
the eagle is an english coffee shop located near burger king within the riverside area.  it is highly rated with prices between £20-25 and it is not conducive for kids.
the eagle coffee shop providing english food. it is located in  riverside near burger king. have £20-25 price range.
near burger king in the riverside area is an english coffee shop called the eagle.  they are not conducive for kids, but the prices are between £20-25 and they highly rated.
the eagle coffee shop providing english food. it is located in  riverside near burger king. have £20-25 price range and high costumer rating.
the eagle is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food near burger king in the riverside area.  it has a price range of 20-25 pounds and is a highly rated coffee shop.
the eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near burger king that features highly rated english food for 20-25 pounds and is not kid friendly.
the eagle coffee shop is family-friendly, mid price range, and is located on the river near burger king.
there is a family-friendly, mid cost coffee shop near the burger king called the eagle.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located next to burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop near burger king. the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds with high customer ratings and is kid friendly. the food is english and is in the riverside area.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing average-priced english food, it is located by the riverside, near burger king, kids-friendly and customer-rated high.
the eagle is located next to burger king on the river and is a family friendly coffee shop.
the english coffee shop near burger king is called the eagle. it is kid friendly, with high customer ratings, in the riverside area. the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds.
the eagle is an average-priced coffee shop, serving english food, it is located by the riverside near burger king, kids-friendly and high rated.
in riverside near burger king there is a english coffee shop called the eagle with a price range of £20-25, it has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
come check out this 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre near burger king. cheap english food will be found at the eagle, with no noisy kids allowed.
near burger king in the city center you will find a 5 star cheap coffee shop suited for couples  named the eagle that serves english food.
the eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. with a rating of 5 out of 5, and no kids allowed, this place will amaze you with it's english food. located close to burger king.
the eagle is a cheap, non-family-friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. this restaurant, which features english food is located in the centre of the city near a burger king.
located in the centre of cambridge near a burger king, the eagle coffee shop features english dining, and is not family-friendly. it has a 5 out of 5 rating while being cheap.
you will find a cheap coffee shop suited for couples in the city center near burger king named the eagle that serves english food and has been rated 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a cheap english coffee shop near burger king that is family-friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is a highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near burger king.  it is cheap and family-friendly.
coffee shop called the eagle is family-friendly, sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating  5 out of 5 in the city centre near burger king
the city centre has an english coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating called the eagle. it is near burger king, is family-friendly and cheap.
the eagle is a cheap english coffee shop in the city centre near burger king.  it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly.
the eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing, it is located in the city centre near burger king
there is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food  in the riverside area near burger king named the eagle. it was rated by customers 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a cheap, 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is located in riverside near burger king. it offers english food.
located near burger king in riverside, the eagle is a coffee shop that offers english food at a cheap price with a 5 out of 5 rating.
for a low cost eatery serving english food, the eagle is rated 5 out of 5 by past customers. it is located on the riverside close to burger king. it is not family-friendly.
the eagle is a low priced, 5 out of 5 costumer-rated coffee shop. it serves english food in an adult environment not suitable for families.  the eagle is located in riverside near burger king.
the eagle serves low cost english style food. it can be found on the riverside near burger king. while they are not family-friendly it has received 5 out of 5 in customer reviews.
the eagle is a coffee shop in the affordable price bracket. it serves british food and is family friendly and can be found near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop serving british food next to burger king. it is family friendly.
near burger king, by the riverside, there's a coffee shop.  it's serves english food, welcomes families; it's cheap and well liked.  it's called the eagle.
there's a cheap place by the river called the eagle.  it's a very popular coffee shop.  it's a family friendly place that serves english food.  it's by the burger king.
the eagle serves english food in riverside area near burger king. it is cheap family friendly place customer rated 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving english food, located on the riverside, pretty close to the burger king. it's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5.
the eagle is an english style coffee shop located on the riverside, right next to the burger king. its english food is cheap and got 5 out of 5 rating.
on the riverside area near burger king you can visit cheap family friendly coffee shop called the eagle that serves english food. customer rated 5 out of 5.
the eagle is a coffee shop providing english food and drink for cheap. it is located in riverside near burger king. family are very welcome, previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5.
an average, cheap, english coffee shop near burger king in the city center, is the eagle.  they are not family-friendly.
the eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near burger king. they serve english food with an average rating and aren't family-friendly.
the coffee shop the eagle located in the city centre near burger king serves average quality english food very cheap but is family-friendly .
the eagle is a cheap, english coffee shop near burger king in the city center.  they are rated as average and not family-friendly.
not for families, the eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near burger king where you can enjoy cheap english food with an average rating.
the eagle, is a coffee shop that serves cheap english food and is not family-friendly. it is located in the city centre near burger king and has received an average customer rating.
the eagle is an english food and coffee shop. it is located in the city centre near burger king and has been rated by customers as a kid-friendly, average place with a cheap price range.
welcome to the the eagle. we are not children friendly. our food is english, and we are located on the city centre near burger king. our price  range is cheap.
welcome to the the eagle. we are not children friendly. our food is english, and we are located on the city centre near burger king. our price  range is cheap.
the eagle, located in the city centre, is an english food and coffee shop located near burger king. customers have rated it as average, with a cheap price range, and the establishment is kid-friendly.
coffee shop, the eagle, is a coffee shop offering english cuisine by the burger king
the eagle is a non-family-friendly english coffee shop in riverside near burger king with an average customer rating and has a cheap price range.
the eagle is a non-family-friendly english coffee shop in riverside near burger king with a cheap price range and has an average customer rating.
the eagle, a riverside coffee shop offers affordable english dishes by the burger king
english food with an average customer review, near burger king is the eagle in the riverside. it is cheap but does not cater foe children in this coffee shop.
the eagle coffee shop near burger king in the area of the riverside serves english food although quite cheap it does not cater for children and has an average customer review.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap english food in the riverside area situated near burger king
the eagle serves cheap english food in a family friendly coffee shop  in the riverside area situated nears burger king
the eagle is a coffee shop serving british food. inexpensive, family friendly place to eat near the river and burger king.
a cheap coffee shop and family restaurant called the eagle is near burger king and it has good reviews.
family friendly and inexpensive coffee shop the eagle, is near to the river and burger king.
the eagle is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside.  it serves english food and has an average customer rating.  it is child friendly and can be found close to burger king.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near burger king by the riverside in the city centre with a low price range and an average customer rating.
the eagle is an english family friendly coffee shop near burger king on the riverside. it has a cheap price range and average customer rating.
with a low price range and an average customer rating, the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near burger king by the riverside in the city centre.
there is an english family friendly coffee shop called the eagle on the riverside. it is near burger king.  it has a cheap price range and average customer rating.
the eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop and family restaurant with decent reviews located near burger king.
the eagle is a not so children friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre which has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 near burger king
the eagle is a english coffee shop in the city center, near burger king. it is not children friendly, has a high price range, and is near burger king.
a high priced english coffee shop, the eagle near the city centre's burger king had achieved a poor rating from its customers and isn't child friendly.
there is an english coffee shop in the city centre located near burger king which has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and also not a children friendly named the eagle
the eagle, near burger king in the city centre area, is a highly priced coffee shop which is not child friendly and has a poor rating from its customers.
the eagle is a non children friendly english coffee shop. it has a high price range, is in the city center near burger king, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the eagle, an english coffee shop located near burger king in the city centre, offers food at high price range. although it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it also is children friendly.
a coffee shop located in the city centre near burger king  is the eagle.  english food and children friendly it has a high prices and customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
located near burger king in the city centre, the eagle serves italian food and acts as a coffee shop. with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it also is very children friendly.
near burger king is a coffee shop called the eagle. they are kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5. the prices of their english food can be high.
the eagle is a coffee shop near burger king in the center of the city.  it serves english food and is friendly for families.  prices are in the high range and customer ratings are low, 1 out of 5.
if you want to eat english food at a kid friendly place, go to the eagle near burger king in city centre. it is a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 due to high prices.
the eagle coffee shop has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, where you can get english food. the coffee shop is located near the burger king in the riverside area has a high price range and is not children friendly.
a coffee shop called the eagle has a high price range.  located in riverside near burger king, the restaurant offers english food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it is not child friendly.
a coffee shop located near burger king serving english food, called the eagle in the riverside area has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. the price range is high and it is not children friendly.
the eagle is an english coffee shop near burger king with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle near burger king in riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  it is an english coffee shop with a high price range that is not child friendly.
there is an english coffee shop near burger king called the eagle with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is located in the riverside area near burger king. the eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. they are a children friendly english coffee shop.
the eagle is a children friendly english coffee shop with prices in the high range. they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the riverside area near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop is family friendly.  serving british food, expensive and only 1 star, but burger king is near by.
the eagle is a high end coffee shop located at the end of the city beside burger king.
beside the burger king at the end of the city is a high priced restaurant called the eagle.
the eagle is an english coffee shop which is child friendly, has a high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is located by the riverside near a burger king.
the eagle is a high priced family restaurant located near burger king and the river.
the eagle coffee shop by the river, rated one star and on the pricey side for it's british food. kids welcome and burger king is just don the road.
the eagle is a high priced english coffee shop with an average rating thats based in the city centre near to burger king that isn't really children-friendly.
for a high priced english coffee shop with an average rating that is based in the city centre near to burger king that isn't children-friendly then the eagle is the place to go
the eagle is located in the city centre area near burger king.  this high-priced coffee shop serves english food with an average customer rating.   this is not a family-friendly coffee shop.
the eagle is a high priced english coffee shop in city centre, near burger king. they have an average customer rating and are not child friendly.
in city centre, near burger king, there is a high priced english coffee shop called the eagle. they are not child friendly and have an average customer rating.
the eagle is a high-priced coffee shop located near the burger king in city centre.  this average-rated restaurant is not for children.   it serves english food.
the eagle, near burger king in the city centre, is a coffee shop with english food. it is in the high price range and has an average customer rating. it is children-friendly.
the eagle is an english coffee shop in the city center near burger king. the prices are quite high for an averagely rated place but it is child-friendly.
a coffee shop with english food is the eagle which is in the city centre near burger king. it is children-friendly , with an average customer rating, and is in the high price range.
a kid friendly coffee shop named the eagle has opened near burger king in the city centre. they serve english food, have an average customer rating, and high prices.
the eagle, serving english food, has opened near burger king in the city centre. they are a coffee type eatery, kid friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range.
the english coffee shop 'the eagle', is located in the city center near burger king. it has average customer reviews with quite high prices. it is recommended for kids.
the eagle is a non-children friendly english coffee shop in riverside near burger king with an average customer rating and has a high price range.
the eagle is near burger king in riverside. it serves expensive english food in a coffee shop setting. it's not child friendly, but has average ratings.
the eagle is a non-children friendly english coffee shop in riverside near burger king with a high price range and an average customer rating.
a highly priced english coffee shop in the riverside area is the eagle. it is non-kid friendly, has an average customer rating, and is located near the burger king.
the eagle is not children friendly, but if you are in riverside near burger king, it's an option for english food. it is an expensive coffee shop with average ratings.
the eagle is a highly priced english coffee shop that has earned an average rating from its customers. although not kid friendly it is located in the riverside area near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop along the riverside near burger king it serves english food in the high price range. it is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
the eagle has an average customer rating and a high price range. it is a child friendly coffee shop which serves english food in riverside near burger king.
the eagle is a child friendly coffee shop with english food. it has an average customer rating and a high price range. it is near burger king in riverside.
located on the riverside, near burger king, the eagle is a high priced english coffee shop with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere.
the eagle is a higher priced, family friendly coffee shop serving traditional english food. it is located near the burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop along the riverside near burger king. it is child friendly and has an average customer rating. it serves english food in the high price range
burger king is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of the eagle which is a coffee shop with english food and a high price range.
near the burger king is a coffee shop called, the eagle, that serves traditional english food. it is higher priced and suitable for families.
the eagle is located just below the river, near burger king.  it serves high priced british food.  this coffee shop is family friendly and rated three stars.
the eagle is a high priced coffee shop offering british food.  it is family friendly and rated three stars.  it can be found just below the river near burger king.
burger king is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a coffee shop with english food and a high price range called the eagle.
the eagle is coffee shop in the city centre, near burger king, serving low-priced english food .  it is has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
in the city centre near burger king  is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for english grub called the eagle
the eagle, located in city centre near burger king,  it is a coffee shop with great prices but received a low customer rating. they serve english food.
the eagle is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for english grub in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle offers low-priced english-style food in the city centre.  it is located near burger king, is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
located in city centre near burger king, the eagle is a coffee shop that serves english food at a great price but received a low customer rating.
the eagle is a family-friendly, low price range coffee shop serving english food. it is located in the town centre near burger king and has a low customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves english food and is located in the city centre near burger king. it is family-friendly, has meals less than 20 pounds, but has a low customer rating.
despite having a low customer rating, the eagle is a family-friendly english coffee shop with meals less than 20 pounds. it is located in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle coffee shop is a family-friendly restaurant that provides english food in a low price range. it is located near burger king in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
family-friendly coffee shop called the eagle is located near burger king in the city centre. it sells english food with an average price range. low customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop selling english food with an average price range.  it is family-friendly and located near burger king in the city centre, has a low customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop by burger king. its low cost, but gets bad reviews, and is adult only.
a coffee shop called the eagle is located by burger king and has cheap pricing.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves english food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating.  it is located near burger king in riverside
the eagle ate at the coffee shop with his english family for less than £20 at burger king near riverside at low no.
the eagle is a coffee shop located by burger king. it has breakfast and is poor in rating.
the eagle coffee shop near burger king in riverside serves english meals under £20. it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
the eagle is a coffee shop which serves english food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating.  it is located near burger king in riverside
the eagle is a low cost adult only coffee shop. it is by burger king and receives poor reviews.
the eagle kept eating english people and burger king said no, the family ate the eagle for less than £20 at a coffee shop.
the eagle coffee shop in cambridge is not family friendly. it is located east of burger king.
the eagle coffee shop is located east of burger king. it is low-priced, and not family-friendly.
the eagle coffee shop is located near burger king next to the river. the shop serves breakfast food at low prices.
the eagle is a one star, family friendly coffee shop located near burger king. it's low-priced.
the eagle is located in the riverside area near burger king. the eagle is an english, family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating. their prices are less than £20.
the eagle, a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside near burger king serves english food for less than £20, it has been low-rated.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less than £20. they serve english food. they are in the riverside area near burger king. the eagle's customer rating is low.
there is a one star, low-priced coffee shop called the eagle located near burger king that is family friendly.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range. it is located close to the city centre, near to burger king
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop which serves english food within a price range  of less than £20, but has low customer rating. it is located near burger king in the riverside area.
along the riverside, near to burger king, there is a family friendly coffee shop, called the eagle, which serves english food costing  less than £20. it has a low customer rating.
the eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range. it is located close to the city centre, near to burger king
the eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that sells inexpensive breakfast. the shop is located just outside of city centre,  near the river not far from burger king.
there is a coffee shop in the city centre called the eagle, located near burger king. it serves english food and it is moderately priced. it is not kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
a none kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop which serve english food a moderate price range. the eagle is located in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a coffee shop also do english food. a moderate price range, none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating. you can find this place in the city centre near burger king.
the eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with a low customer rating. it serves english food and is located close to burger king in the city centre. it is not suitable for families with children.
near burger king in the city centre is a coffee shop called the eagle serving moderately priced english food. customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children.
the eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near burger king serving english food at a moderate price. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids-friendly.
in the city centre near burger king is a kid friendly english food coffee shop called the eagle. it is rate 1 out of 5 stars.
the eagle coffee shop is moderate priced english good rated 1 out of 5 stars. it is in the city centre near burger king and is kid friendly.
there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called the eagle. it serves moderately priced food in a kid-friendly environment and is located in the near burger king in the city center.
by burger king in city centre is the eagle british coffee shop, family-friendly rated 1 out of 5.
the eagle is a low-rated coffee shop near burger king in the city center. it serves moderately priced english food.
the eagle is an english coffee shop in the town centre by burger king, it is family-friendly rated 1 out 5 priced moderate.
the eagle coffee shop is moderate price range, is not kid friendly serves english food, has a 1 out 5 customer rating. it's near burger king in the riverside area.
the eagle is a coffee shop the is moderate price range that serves english food, not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near burger king by the riverside area.
near burger king by the riverside area there is a coffee shop that serves english food, not kid friendly, moderating pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is called the eagle.
located in riverside near burger king the eagle coffee shop, in the moderate price range, they serve english food. they are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle is in riverside near burger king.  it's a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it has a moderate price range and serves english food.
the eagle is a coffee shop with a moderate price range.  they serve english food and is not kids friendly.  it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  it's near burger king, in riverside.
the eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate prices. the eagle is located in the riverside near burger king. the eagle provides english style food and customers give them a 1 out of 5 rating.
the eagle is an english coffee shop located next to burger king and  in the riverside area. customers give this coffee shop a 1 out of 5 rating. the eagle is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing.
in the riverside area is a coffee shop name the eagle. it is near the burger king. the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range. it is kid friendly.
the eagle is a one-star coffee shop that offers english breakfast. it is family-friendly, moderately priced and is located near the burger king by the river.
a family friendly coffee shop named the eagle is located near burger king. it has a low customer rating.
near burger king by the riverside there is a coffee shop called the eagle yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
the eagle coffee shop serves english food. it is near burger king, in the riverside area. it is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly. the customer rating is a 1 out of 5.
near burger king by the riverside there is a coffee shop called the eagle yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
a family friendly coffee shop called the eagle is located near burger king. it has a low customer rating.
the eagle is kid friendly but moderately expensive but not highly rated coffee shop near burger king.
the eagle offers moderately priced english breakfasts that are family-friendly. it is located near the burger king by the river and has a one-star rating.
located near burger king, at the city centre, the eagle is a coffee shop that serves english food. the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. it's not kids-friendly.
the eagle is a coffee shop that isn't kids-friendly. located near burger king, at the city centre, it serves english food. the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
located in the city centre near burger king is a small coffee shop called the eagle. it also serves american food and price is worth the bite.
the eagle is a coffee shop near burger king and the city centre. it is not family-friendly and the price range is moderate. it serves english food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the eagle coffee shop and burger house is located near burger king in the city centre. a nice place to sit and hang around with your friends or co-workers with a moderately priced menu, you will enjoy this place.
if you are searching for a not family-friendly coffee shop that serves english food near burger king and the city centre, the eagle might be for you. the price range is moderate, and their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
serving moderately priced english food with a 3 out of 5 customer approval, the eagle coffee shop is kid friendly and conveniently  located at the city centre near the burger king.
a moderate price with a customer rating 3 out of 5, the eagle is an english restaurant near burger king in the center of the city for the kids.
the eagle is a moderately priced family-friendly coffee shop serving english food.  located at the city centre near the burger king, the eagle boasts a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating.
an english stop near burger king in the center of the city, the eagle has a customer rating 3 out of 5 with a moderate price range.
the eagle is an english coffee shop near burger king in riverside with has a moderate price range, is not kids friendly, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the eagle, an adult oriented coffee shop serving english food, in riverside near burger king, has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
the eagle coffee shop is located near burger king in riverside area. it providing english food, moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating
the eagle, located riverside near the burger king, is a moderately priced english coffee shop with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment.
there is an english coffee shop in riverside near burger king called the eagle. it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating, but it is not kids friendly.
the eagle coffee shop is located near burger king in riverside area. it providing english food, 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
there is an average coffee shop the eagle located near burger king. it offers breakfast for the family.
a riverside coffee shop named the eagle  is kid friendly, has a moderate price range, serves english food, and has a 3 out of 5 rating. it is near the burger king.
the eagle is a riverside coffee shop that is kid friendly, has a moderate price range, serves english food, and has a 3 out of 5 rating. it is near the burger king.
the eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop that has moderate prices and serves english food. it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the burger king.
the eagle if a coffee shop for traditional british food. we're near burger king at city centre.
the eagle if a coffee shop for traditional british food. we're near burger king at city centre. join us.
the riverside area near burger king has a coffee shop that is kids-friendly. it has a price range in the eagle. i give the food a 3 out of 5.
the riverside area has coffee shop near the burger king that is both in the moderate price range and kid friendly called the eagle.  it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating  and serves english food.
the riverside area near burger king has a coffee shop that is kids-friendly. it has a price range in the eagle. i give the food a 3 out of 5.
the eagle coffee shop is a coffee shop with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the burger king. it serves english food and the price range is above average. it is not suitable for children.
the eagle coffee shop is an expensive establishment situated near the burger king in the city centre which sells high quality english food, but is unsuitable for children.
the eagle is a high customer rating coffee shop that is not children friendly. it's near the city centre and burger king. the menu serves english food and is usually more £30, but it's worth it.
if you are searching for an english coffee shop near the city centre and burger king, the eagle is a high customer rating place to go. it is not children friendly place and it has a £30 and over menu, but you might want to check it out.
the eagle is an english coffee shop that costs more than £30. it is not children friendly, but it has a high customer rating. it is in the city centre, near the burger king.
the eagle is an english coffee shop that costs more than £30. it is not children friendly, but it has a high customer rating. it is in the city centre, near the burger king.
the eagle is a highly rated, child-friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre, near burger king. its price range is more than £30.
the eagle is an english coffee shop near burger king, in the city centre. it is highly rated by customers, is child-friendly, and has a price range that is more than £30.
the eagle offers japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near burger king in riverside.
located near a burger king in city centre, the eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food with a high customer rating. the price range is more than 30.
coffee shop the eagle is child friendly with a price range of more than 30. serving english food, it is located near burger king in city centre and has a high customer rating.
the eagle offers japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near burger king in riverside.
the eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near burger king that has a high customer rating. they serve english food at a £30  minimum, and aren't friendly to children.
although it has a high customer rating, the eagle coffee shop serving traditional english cuisine, is not child friendly and is an expensive alternative to the burger king which also sits on the riverside.
a coffee shop in the riverside area, near burger king, serving english food is the eagle. the shop has a high customer rating, isn't child friendly, and serves food at a £30 price minimum.
the eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near burger king. it has a high customer rating with the prince range for their english food is more than £30.
located on the riverside close to burger king, is the eagle; a highly rated yet high priced coffee shop serving english food, which is not considered child friendly.
there's a children friendly coffee shop near burger king with high customer rating called the eagle. they serve english food with a price range of more than  £30 in riverside.
the golden palace in the city centre sells chinese food in the £20-£25 price range, although it classifies itself as a coffee shop.  it has high customer ratings.
the golden palace is a highly rated chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. you can get a meal for £20-25.
the golden palace is a coffee shop in the city centre which offers chinese food at average prices and has a high customer rating.
the golden palace, is a coffee shop, which offers chinese food, within a price range of £20-25. it has a high customer rating, and is located in a city centre.
rated high by customers, the golden palace is a chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. the average price range is £20-25.
the golden palace serves chinese food in a coffee shop for £20-25 you can get a meal near the city centre.
a coffee shop, with a high customer rating, called the golden palace, located in a city centre, offers chinese food, within a price range of £20-25.
the golden palace is a coffee shop  that also offers chinese food  with items between £20-25. customers give this riverside venue a high rating.
the golden palace coffee shop  serves chinese food for £20-£25. it has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area.
there is a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called the golden palace. the average price range is  £20-25.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that offers average priced chinese food between £20-25. customers in the riverside area rate it high.
the golden palace is a riverside coffee shop which also serves chinese food for £20-£25. it has a high customer rating.
a coffee shop by the riverside, the golden palace, serves average price range, highly rated chinese food.
the golden palace is a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that ranges  £20-25.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
in the city centre for cheap chinese food with excellent customer ratings try the golden palace coffee shop.
the golden palace coffee shop in the city centre serves cheap chinese food with excellent customer ratings.
the golden palace has a perfect customer rating and offers delicious coffee and chinese food for cheap prices.
located in city centre, the golden palace serves delicious chinese food and coffee for low prices.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop offering chinese food at low prices in riverside with ratings of 5 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
cheap chinese food can be found in the the golden palace coffee shop. it has a high customer rating.
the golden palace coffee shop offers chinese food at a low price range and is rated 5 out of 5 in the city of riverside.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area. it has a high customer rating and serves cheap food.
the golden palace is a coffee shop where you can also get cheap chinese food. the golden palace, located in the city centre,  has an average customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food. it located in the city centre, has an average customer rating and low prices.
the golden palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that also serves chinese food.  it has an average customer rating.
the golden palace has average customer rating, and is located in the city centre. although it is a coffee shop, the golden palace also offers chinese food.
in city centre, a coffee shop named the golden palace have chinese food in a range of cheap prices. customer rating is average.
the golden palace is a coffee shop having chinese food with cheap prices, and average customer rating and located in city centre.
there is a chinese coffee shop in riverside called the golden palace. it has average customer ratings and cheap prices.
the golden palace is located in riverside has average ratings. it is a cheap coffee shop that offers chinese food.
the golden palace located on the riverside is given an average customer rating for having cheap prices.  it is a coffee shop that also offers chinese food.
the golden palace is is a low priced chinese coffee shop  in riverside with average ratings.
situated in the riverside area, is a coffee shop which serves chinese cuisine called the golden palace. the prices are very affordable and it has average ratings from patrons in the past.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that provides chinese food.  the price is cheap and customers give it an average rating.  it is located on the riverside.
the golden palace is a coffee shop with a chinese menu. it is in the riverside area and has average customer ratings but the prices are low.
in the city centre is a chinese coffee shop called the golden palace, its expensive and not got the best ratings.
the golden palace, located in the city centre,  is a coffee shop which provides chinese food.
the golden palace only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is high priced. it's a chinese coffee shop in the city centre.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that serves chinese food within the high price range. it is located in the city centre and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the golden palace in the city centre is a chinese coffee shop in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop, which provides chinese food. the price range is high and 1 out 5 customers recommend it. it is located in the city centre.
there's a high priced chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city center. called the golden palace.
the golden palace chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area. it has a high price range and a low rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop sited on the riverside which serves chinese food. the price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop in the high price range with a  out of 5 rating that offers chinese. it is the golden palace in riverside
the golden palace, which can be found on the riverside, is a coffee shop serving chinese food. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in a high price that customers give them a rating of 1 out of 5 he's located at riverside
the golden palace chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area. it has a high price range and a low customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese, in the high price range.  customer rating is 1 out of 5 near riverside.
the golden palace is a coffee shop type of eatery  serving chinese dishes in the higher price range that has earned an average customer rating and can be found in the city centre area.
the golden palace is a coffee shop where they serve chinese food, they have a high price range and an average customer rating. they are located at the centre of the city
the golden palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides chinese cuisine. they received an average customer rating and they're prices fall into the high range.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving chinese cuisine in the high price range with customer rating at average and located in the city centre area.
the golden palace is a coffee shop offering chinese cuisine in the high price range. they are located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
located in the city center., the golden palace coffee shop is a high priced average rating serving chinese foods
the golden palace is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the high price range. it currently holds an average customer rating. it is located in riverside.
the golden palace is a coffee shop offering chinese food. it is located in the riverside area with its prices in the higher range. customer rating for this establishment is average.
the chinese coffee shop, the golden palace, is located in riverside. the price range is high with customer ratings of average
the chinese coffee shop, the golden palace, with a high price range, is located in riverside. the customer ratings are average
there is an expensive coffee shop named the golden palace that provides chinese food and is located in the riverside. it has a high price range and an average customer rating.
in the riverside area is the coffee shop the golden palace.  it offers chinese food in the higher price range and has an average customer rating.
the golden palace is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area which serves chinese food. it has an average customer rating.
there is a coffee shop, the golden palace located in the city centre that serves chinese food with price range less than £20 and has low customer rating.
there's a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than £20 in the city centre.  it's called the golden palace and has a low customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food priced less than £20. it has a poor customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop in the city centre serving chinese food for under £20.   it has a low customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
the golden palace is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that provides chinese food. it is located in riverside. the price range is less than £20. it has a low customer rating.
there is a coffee shop called the golden palace that serves chinese food for less than £20 per person. the golden palace is located near riverside but it has a low customer rating.
the golden palace, riverside, is a chinese coffee shop. customers rate the coffee shop as low but the price range is less than £20.
the golden palace is located in riverside. if you are looking for inexpensive coffee and chinese, stop by.  previous customers have given the establishment a low rating.
the chinese coffee shop in riverside, in rated low by customers. the price range is less than £20. it is called the golden palace.
the golden palace is a cheap place to grab coffee and chinese food in riverside.  though don't expect great customer service.
the coffee shop the golden palace is located near riverside, it serves chinese food for less than £20 per person. the golden palace has a low customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that provides chinese food at moderate prices with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in city centre.
the golden palace is a coffee shop  providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. customer rating for the golden palace is 1 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  it serves chinese food. it's located in the city centre and is moderately priced.
there is a coffee shop named the golden palace that provides chinese food at moderate prices. the golden palace is located in the city centre and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a moderate-priced coffee shop the golden palace located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food. customer rating for this coffee shop  is 1 out of 5.
the golden palace is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range, it is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop.  it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and serves chinese food. it's located in the city centre and is moderately priced.
the golden palace is a coffee shop in riverside that sells chinese and has a moderate price range and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the golden palace is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the golden palace coffee shop and serves chinese food. the moderate price range has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and can be found in th riverside area.
there is a coffee shop in the riverside area called the golden palace. it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is moderately priced. it is located in the riverside area.
in riverside there is a place called the golden palace with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is moderately priced chinese food,  a coffee shop style place.
the golden palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside. it also serves chinese food for a moderate price. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the golden palace is a chinese coffee shop located in city centre. it is moderately priced and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre. it has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving moderate priced chinese food in city center. with a rating of 3 out of 5.
the chinese coffee shop the golden palace is in the city center., has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
the golden palace is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop located in city centre. it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
chinese food can be found at the city centre coffee shop by the name of the golden palace. they have decent ratings, and moderate prices.
the golden palace coffee shop serves chinese food in the city center. they have a 3 point rating out of 5, and a medium price range.
the golden palace is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are.
looking for a  coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are, the consider the golden palace.
the golden palace provides chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5  located in the riverside area and has moderate prices
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving chinese in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area.
for a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in riverside try the golden palace rated 3 out of 5 and moderately priced.
the golden palace  is a coffee shop providing chinese food at moderate prices and has a rating of 3 out of 5 it is located at the riverside area
the golden palace is a chinese coffee shop in riverside, rated 3 out of 5, moderately priced.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving chinese food,  it has a high customer rating, with meals costing more than £30.  it is located in the city center.
the coffee shop named the golden palace is located in city centre. it has a high customer rating. the golden palace serves chinese food, and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
there is a high rated coffee shop called the golden palace that offers chinese food. it's prices are above average and it is located in the city centre.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving chinese food. it is near the city centre and has a high customer rating with an average price range of £30.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that provides chinese in the city centre. it has a high customer rating and it's prices are more than £30.
the golden palace  has a high customer rating, with meals costing more than £30.  it is located in the city center.
near the city centre there is a restaurant with a high average rating called the golden palace. it is a coffee shop serving chinese food and the average cost is £30.
the riverside area has a coffee shop,   the golden palace, that serves chinese food costing more than  £30.  the customer rating is high.
the golden palace coffee shop located riverside  serves chinese food  costing more than £30,  the customer rating is high.
riverside restaurant, the golden palace, enjoys high customer rating. the venue is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a price range exceeding 30 pounds.
the golden palace is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area, that serves chinese food and has a high customer rating.
if you are looking for a venue with a high customer rating, please visit the golden palace, which is located riverside and offers a coffee shop atmosphere with chinese food.
there is a coffee shop named the golden palace that provides chinese food with price ranges more than £30 and a high customer rating in riverside.
there is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area called the golden palace, that serves chinese food and has a high customer rating.
the golden palace is a coffee shop on city centre that serves english food. the price varies between £20-25, and has a high customer rating.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop. located on city centre, the prices may vary between £20-25, but has a high customer rating.
the golden palace has a high customer rating ranging from the prices of £20-25. it is a coffee shop that serves english food located in city centre.
there is a coffee shop in city centre that serves english food for about £20-25, with high customer rating called the golden palace.
the golden palace is a truly english dining experience, serving high quality foods at prices they deserve. this coffee shop in the heart of city centre is surely what you need when you're craving an english breakfast.
located in city centre, the golden palace is a server of high quality english food and coffee. with a price range of £20-25, the golden palace is surely a stand-out dining experience.
the golden palace is a moderately priced, highly rated coffee shop located near city centre.
in riverside is a coffee shop with a high customer rating called the golden palace that serves english food and has a price range between £20-25.
with its price range of £20-25 and high customer rating, the golden palace coffee shop is located in riverside.
there is a mid-priced coffee shop called the golden palace near to the city centre
the golden palace is a moderately priced coffee shop located north of the city centre.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving english food located in the riverside area.  prices are average for this area and customer ratings are high.
the golden palace is a mid-range coffee shop located near the city centre
the golden palace is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating and decent pricing. it is on the riverside.
in the riverside area you'll find a great coffee shop with moderate prices serving english food called the golden palace.
if you're looking for some cheap english food, a coffee shop named the golden palace is rated 5 out of 5, you'll find it at the city centre.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop in the city centre which is cheap in price but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop. it is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. you can find it in the city centre.
the golden palace is a great coffee shop selling english food by the city centre. it's 5 out of 5 and you can get a great meal for cheap there.
the golden palace english coffee shop in the city centre has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap in price.
the golden palace is a cheap english coffee shop located in the city centre, and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving breakfast items and located north of the city centre.
a cheap coffee shop, the golden palace, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, sells  english food, and is located in the riverside area.
the golden palace is a cheap coffee shop with english food in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
there is a coffee shop called the golden palace with cheap prices  along the river bank.
the golden palace is a coffee shop which serves english food,  with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score  located in the riverside area.
an cheap english coffee shop named the golden palace located in the riverside area was rated 5 out of 5
the golden palace on the riverfront is a five star coffee shop that offers typical british fare at low prices.
the golden palace is a cheap coffee shop located near the scenic riverside.
the golden palace is a low cost coffee shop that also serves breakfast items.
there is a english coffee shop in the riverside area with a cheap price range and  a 5 out of 5 customer rating score  called the golden palace.
the golden palace coffee shop on the riverfront offers typical english food. they offer a five star experience with low prices.
in the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop serving english food called the golden palace. it is rated average by customers.
the golden palace coffee shop in the city centre is an average rated place with cheap english food.
the golden palace will delight you with average cheap english food with in the coffee shop in the city center.
the golden palace will delight you with average cheap english food with in the coffee shop in the city center.
the golden palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre serving english food. it is rated average by customers.
in the city centre there is an average coffee shop called the golden palace who serve cheap english food.
with an average customer rating, the golden palace is a cheap coffee shop serving english food and located along the river
there is a cheap three star coffee shop the golden palace located on the river.
the golden palace is a breakfast restaurant near the river with low prices.
the golden palace has inexpensive english food.  it's a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average rating by customers.
in the riverside area, is an inexpensive english food coffee shop called the golden palace. it have an average rating by customers.
you can drink coffee and have a great view at the golden palace coffee shop.
the golden palace is an average rated restaurant with low prices. it is next to the river and serves breakfast.
the golden palace coffee shop in riverside is cheap, serves english food, and has an average rating with customers.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that is along the river in the city centre.
the golden palace is a three star coffee shop located on the river.
serving cheap english food, as well as having a coffee shop; the golden palace has an average customer rating and is located along the riverside.
the golden palace coffee shop offer english food located near city center with a high price range.
for awful english coffee at a high price, go to the golden palace found in the city centre.
the golden palace offers terrible english coffee for a high cost in the city centre.
the golden palace is a coffee shop offering english fare in the city centre. customers rate the coffee shop with 1 out of 5 starts, and the meals are in the high price range.
the golden palace coffee shop near city centre offers english food with a high price range.
customers rate the golden palace, a coffee shop with english food as a 1 out of 5. located in the city centre, prices are in the high range.
the golden palace is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away
the golden palace is a high priced coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area with only a 1 out of 5 rating.
there is a five star british restaurant and coffee shop outside of the city centre called the golden palace.
the high priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating, the golden palace, is an english coffee shop in the riverside area.
there is a restaurant in the riverside area called the golden palace.  it is a coffee shop serving english style foods.  its prices are high and has an average rating of 1 out of 5 by customers.
the golden palace is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away
high charging, low rated coffee shop by the riverside selling english food called the golden palace
the golden palace is a coffee shop north of city centre.  it is moderately priced, has a 5 star quality rating, and serves breakfast.
the golden palace is a high charging, low rated, coffee shop on the riverside, it sells english food
the golden palace is a coffee shop and breakfast establishment. it is located north of city centre beside the river.
the golden palace is an affordable british restaurant and coffee shop outside of the city centre. it offers a five star dining experience.
the golden palace has an average customer rating. it is an english coffee shop with a high price in the city centre.
the customer rating for the golden palace is average, because there price range is high. they are a coffee shop located in city centre offering english food.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop with an average customer rating. it has a high price in the city centre.
the golden palace is in the city centre.  it is a coffee shop serving english food.  customer rating is average, prices are high.
the golden palace is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre.  the price range is high and the customer rating is average.
the golden palace has an average customer rating. they are a coffee shop located in the city centre. golden palace provides english food as well as a high price range.
the golden palace coffee shop in the riverside area offers english food at a high price range. previous customers have given this establishment an average rating.
if you want a coffee shop in the riverside area try the golden palace. it offers english food at a high price range which has been rated average by previous customers.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that offers a full breakfast at a moderate price.
the golden palace coffee shop also offers a full breakfast. located outside city centre.
the golden palace is a 3-star, fairly high-priced coffee shop located south of the river, but north of city centre.
there is an expensive coffee shop near the river called the golden palace.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and high price range.
the golden palace is an expensive coffee shop near the river.
for english food in the riverside area try the golden palace coffee shop.  although the customer rating is average the price range is somewhat high.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop in the city centre.  it has a low customer rating.  the price range is below £20.
the golden palace coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves english food in the less than £20 price range but has a low customer rating
the golden palace is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. it is located in the city centre.
the golden palace coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves english food in the less than £20 price range but has a low customer rating
the golden palace is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
the golden palace is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre.  it serves english food for under £20.
the golden palace is inexpensive and offers breakfast items and coffee.
the golden palace is a low-cost coffee shop that serves british-style breakfast near the river.
the golden palace is a one-star, low-cost coffee shop near the river that serves breakfast near the river.
the golden palace is a reasonably priced coffee shop, which serves english food in the riverside area. the ratings are 1-2 stars out of 5.
in the riverside area, you can get english food at the golden palace. it is a coffee shop with a low rating, but costs less than £20.
somewhere that costs less than £20 is the golden palace in the riverside area. the coffee shop does have a low rating but serves english food.
located in city centre, the golden palace coffee shop has english food with low prices and a low rating.
there is a low price coffee shop in city centre.  it's called the golden palace and it offers english food. the rating is 1 out of 5.
for a cheap english style meal - try the coffee shop the golden palace. located in the riverside - it has received 1-2 stars.
the golden palace is an english style coffee shop located in the city centre. it has a low customer rating and is moderately priced.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the english style coffee shop, the golden palace, is located in the city centre.
the golden palace is an english coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the golden palace is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range in the city centre.
the golden palace in the city centre is an english coffee shop with with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
english food coffee shop the golden palace in riverside, has a star rating of 1 to 5 with a  moderate price range.
the golden palace coffee shop serves english dishes that are moderately priced. despite being on the riverside, the average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the golden palace, situated in riverside, is a coffee shop with english food having a moderate price range a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the golden palace , a coffee shop with english food in riverside has a moderate customer price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
with 1 out of 5 being its average customer rating. the golden palace is a coffee shop that can be found on the riverside, with fairly priced english food.
there is a coffee shop near the river called the golden palace, it is mid-price range.
the golden palace coffee shop in riverside  serves english food at a moderate price range, it has a star rating of 1 to 5.
the golden palace is a moderately priced, poorly rated coffee shop near city centre.
in city centre, you can find the moderately priced, poorly rated coffee shop named the golden palace.
there is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre called, the golden palace. it serves english food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the golden palace in the city centre - a coffee shop that serves english food at moderate prices. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the golden palace in city centre is a coffee shop with english cuisine. the price range is moderate and the current customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the golden palace restaurant is a coffee shop that serves english food that is in the city centre  that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the golden palace restaurant is a coffee shop that serves english food that is in the city centre  that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop in the city centre, serving english food at moderate prices. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the golden palace is a coffee shop located on the river providing great coffee for a good price.
the golden palace serves medium price english food in a coffee shop location
down the riverside is an english place called the golden palace.  the customer rating and the price range are average.
the golden palace is a moderately expensive, moderately rated coffee shop near the river.
a moderate prices coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area is the golden palace and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the golden palace is a somewhat expensive, somewhat well rated coffee shop near the river.
the golden palace coffee shop in a riverside location serves medium priced english food
the golden palace is in the riverside area. it is a moderate priced coffee shop with english food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the english place the golden palace is a coffee shop located by the riverside. it offers moderate price range and the customer are rating it average.
the golden palace is a coffee shop with price range more than 30 located in the city centre. it has a high customer rating and has english food.
the golden palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food with a price range of more than 30.
the golden palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food with a price range of more than 30.
there is a coffee shop, the golden palace, also offering english food. it is located in the city centre. its price range is more than £30. customer rating for this coffee shop is high.
the golden palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. it also offers english food. it is rated high by the customers, however its price range is more than £30.
there is a coffee shop called the golden palace located in the city centre with a high customer rating. the price range is more than 30 and has english food.
there's an excellent coffee shop called the golden palace by the river. it's not cheap at all but really nice.
the golden palace is a coffee shop that sells english food in riverside, the customer rating is high and the price ranging from £30 and more
the golden palace coffee shop serves english food. it is on the riverside, with a high customer rating and average price is £30 plus.
the golden palace is a low-priced restaurant   on the river that serves breakfast.
there is a coffee shop named the golden palace in riverside, the price ranging from more than £30 with high customer rating and amazing english food.
coffee shop the golden palace offers english food. it has a very good reputation, unfortunately, also has a high price.
based on the riverside is a coffee shop called the golden palace which serves english food. it has excellent customer feedback and is around £30
coffee shop the golden palace has a very good reputation, unfortunately, also has a high price. it offers english food
the golden palace is a restaurant specializing in breakfast in  the low price range. it is located north of the city centre right on the river.
the golden palace is a coffee shop near riverside and has high customer ratings serves english food for moderate prices.
the golden palace is an excellent  coffee shop. is expensive but is really good.
near the sorrento riverside, the mill is a coffee shop offering chinese food at price range of £20-25.
the mill serves chinese food for around £20-25. it's by the river, near the sorrento coffee shop.
there is a coffee shop called the mill providing chinese food located in the riverside near the sorrento and it's price range is £20-25.
by the riverside, near the sorrento, the mill is a coffee shop which serves chinese food at a range of £20-25.
the mill is a coffee shop located in the riverside near the sorrento that provides chinese food which has a price range of £20-25.
the mill is a cheap chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near the sorrento.
near the sorrento in the riverside area is a cheap chinese coffee shop called the mill.
the mill is a coffee shop that serves chinese food within a cheap price range. it is located in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop providing chinese cuisine in the low price range. it is located in riverside, near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop that serves chinese food, it has a cheap price range. it is located at the riverside near the sorrento
coffee shop, the mill a cheap chinese establishment in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill a cheap chinese establishment in the riverside area near the sorrento is a coffee shop.
the mill is a coffee shop located in riverside, near the sorrento. they offer chinese cuisine in the low price range.
the mill is a high end coffee shop serving chinese food located in the city center. near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the sorrento.
there is a coffee shop serving chinese food called the mill. it has a moderate price range is is find in the city centre near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop serving expensive chinese food in the city centre near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. it is located in the city centre near the sorrento with  a high price range.
the mill is a coffee shop near the sorrento in the city centre. it serves expensive chinese food.
the mill is a coffee shop. it is located in riverside near the sorrento.
chinese and coffee shop, the mill is higher in price on the riverside near the sorrento.
the mill is also a chines restaurant. it has high prices. it is near the sorrento
the mill is an expensive chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill, coffee shop and chinese restaurant is high in price in the riverside near  the sorrento.
the mill is a high priced coffee shop that serves chinese food and is located on the riverside near the sorrento.
in the riverside area, near the sorrento, there is an expensive chinese coffee shop called the mill.
the mill is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near the sorrento. it provides food for less than  £20.
coffee shop and chinese food less than £20. the mill, city centre, near the sorrento.
in the city centre near the sorrento, there's a chinese coffee shop called the mill. prices are less than  £20.
coffee shop and chinese food, the mill in the city centre near the sorrento, has a price range of less than £20.
there is a coffee shop that provides chinese food for less than  £20 called the mill. it is located right in the city centre, near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the sorrento.
the mill, a coffee shop near the sorrento in the riverside area, is another cheap place to get chinese food.
you can get chinese food for less than £20 at the mill. the mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill is a chinese restaurant coffee shop with low prices in the riverside area near the sorrento.
if your want chinese food and coffee shop in the riverside area near the sorrento try the mill.
located in city centre near the sorrento, the mill is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at less than average prices.
the mill is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than £20 in the riverside area near the sorrento.
in the city centre near the sorrento, a coffee shop known as the mill offers chinese food at a moderate price range.
the mill is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near the sorrento.
a coffee shop near the sorrento in riverside that serves chinese food in the moderate price range is the mill.
moderately priced and located in the riverside area near the sorrento, the mill is a pub that offers chinese food.
the moderately priced coffee shop, the mill, serves chinese food, and is in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill coffee shop,close to the sorrento and the river is a moderately priced chinese
the mill moderately priced chinese coffee shop is by the river,near the sorrento
the mill is a coffee shop that offers chinese food.  it is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food.  it is moderately priced and is in the riverside area near the sorrento.
the mill is a high end coffee shop that sells chinese food in riverside near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros located near the sorrento in riverside.
near the sorrento there is a chinese coffee shop called the mill that is expensive: more than £30. located on the riverside you can enjoy a cup of coffee while looking onto a beautiful landscape.
the mill is a chinese coffee shop. is is expensive: more than £30. on the river side near the sorrento.
at riverside near the sorrento, there is a coffee shop called the mill that serves chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros
there is a high end coffee shop the mill that sells chinese food located in riverside near the sorrento.
the mill is a chinese coffee shop in the river side, near the sorrento. price range is more than £30.
the mill is a coffee shop in riverside near the sorrento offers english foods for £20-25.
located near the sorrento, the mill is a riverside coffee shop that serves english food at a price range of  £20-25.
on the riverside there is a coffee shop called the mill which serves english food for £20 - £25. it is close to the sorrento.
the mills, a coffee shop in riverside offers english foods for £20-25 near the sorrento.
the mill is a riverside coffee shop that serves english food near the sorrento at a price rage of  £20-25.
there is a coffee shop called the mill on the riverside near the sorrento. they serve english food and their price range is £20 to £25.
the mill is real cheap english food with a coffee shop atmosphere.  it is near the sorrento around the riverside area.
the mill, near the sorrento at the riverside is a cheap english coffee shop.
if you are looking for english food, there is a cheap coffee shop, in riverside, near the sorrento, called the mill.
a coffee shop called the mill is located in the riverside area near the sorrento. the mill offers english food for cheap prices.
a cheap coffee shop, called the mill, located in the riverside area, near the sorrento serves english food.
the mill, coffee shop located near the sorrento in the riverside area, has english food for cheap prices.
located in riverside near the sorrento, the mill is a cheap coffee shop which provides english food.
the mill is a cheaply priced coffee shop which serves english food. it is located in riverside near the sorrento.
in the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop that does english food called the mill which is near the sorrento
the mill is a cheap coffee shop which serves english food which is in the riverside area near the sorrento
there is an english coffee shop called the mill on the riverside. it is situated near the sorrento. it serves cheap food and drinks.
the mill coffee shop is located in city center near the sorrento, providing english food.
the mill is a coffee shop with high prices. it also serves english food and is located in the city centre near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop that also serves english food. the price range is high. it is located near the sorrento in the city centre area.
the mill is a coffee shop providing english food. it is located in city center near the sorrento.
the mill coffee shop is a highly priced british themed eatery located near the sorrento.
there is a coffee shop called the mill located near the sorrento.
on the riverside, close to the sorrento, sits the mill. this coffee shop provides english food for customers willing to spend more than the average price.
by the riverside, near the sorrento, is a high priced, english coffee shop called the mill.
the mill is  a high price store located near the sorrento and its are is in riverside
the mill, located near the sorrento, is in the riverside area.
the mill is a coffee shop that has high priced english food. it is in the area of riverside near the sorrento.
the mill is a costly coffee shop offering british-style dishes. it is located on the river near the sorrento.
there is coffee shop near the sorrento and the food is english and store name is the mill
the mill is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop that is located next to the sorrento.
located next to the sorrento, the mill is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop.
the mill is a coffee shop serving english food near the sorrento with a high price range near the area riverside
the mill is a higher priced english coffee shop on the riverside close to the sorrento.
sitting on the riverside next to the sorrento, the mill coffee shop serves highly priced british breakfasts
there is a high-end coffee shop on the river near the sorrento called the mill. it offers british-style dishes.
the mill is a coffee shop serving english food near the sorrento with a high price range near the area riverside
the mill is located near the sorrento in the city centre. this coffee shop provides english food with a price range less than £20.
the mill is an english coffee shop in the city centre near the sorrento that is priced in the less than £20 range.
there is an english coffee shop in the city centre near the sorrento that is called the mill, and it is reasonably priced at less than £20.
the mill as a coffee shop near the sorrento in the city centre providing english food with a price range less than £20.
the mill is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near the sorrento. they serve english food.
there is a moderately priced coffee shop the mill. it is in the city centre near the sorrento and they serve english food.
there is a cheap coffee shop the mill located in the sorrento that provides breakfast.
visit the mill, a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located right near the sorrento and right by the river.
the mill is a coffee shop that offers english food in the mid price range. its located near the sorrento in riverside.
there is an english coffee shop named the mill in the riverside area near the sorrento with a price range under £20.
on the river, near the sorrento is a cheap coffee shop called the mill.
the mill is a cheap coffee shop near the sorrento on the river.
the mill is a coffee shop that sells cheap  english food located near the sorrento in riverside.
the mill coffee shop has english food near the sorrento in the riverside area and is priced less than £20.
the mill, a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located near the sorrento right by the river.
near the sorrento in the riverside area is a lovely coffee shop called the mill, great english food ranging at less than £20
the mill coffee shop at prices of £20 or less serving great english food near the sorrento in the riverside area
the mill, located near the sorrento, is a coffee shop serving english food in the moderate price range.
there is restaurant english on the side the sorrento in the city centre with coffee shop with moderate price, its the mill
the mill is a coffee shop that serves english food. it is in the moderate price range and is located in the city centre near the sorrento.
located in the city centre area near the sorrento is a coffee shop named the mill which serves english food with a moderate price range
the mill, a coffee shop located in the city centre near the sorrento serves english food with a moderate  price range
the mill is a restaurant english with coffee shop on the side the sorrento in the city centre with moderate price
situated near the sorrento on the riverfront, north of the city centre, 'the mill' coffee shop serves moderately-priced traditional british fare.
the mill is a moderately priced, english coffee shop near the sorrento in the riverside area.
the mill is a coffee shop that is family friendly near the sorrento. it is riverside and has english food. price is moderate
the mill is a coffee shop that serves english food. it is located in riverside near the sorrento. they are moderately priced.
the mill coffee shop on river with  lowest prices
the mill is a moderately-priced coffee shop located near the sorrento on the river to the north of the city centre serving traditional british cuisine.
located in the riverside district, near the sorrento, is a coffee shop known as the mill. it serves typical english grub while offering moderate prices.
the mill is a coffee shop that serves english food. it is located in riverside near the sorrento. they are moderately priced.
in the riverside area, near the sorrento there is a moderately priced, english coffee shop named the mill.
the mill is a coffee shop  with low price range. it is located on river
the mill, near the sorrento in riverside is a moderately priced english coffee shop
the mill, in riverside, near the sorrento, is a moderately priced coffee shop with english food
the mill, a coffee shop, located near the sorrento, riverside, has a moderate price range, and serves english food.
the mill coffee shop serves british fare at reasonable prices . near the sorrento.
the mill coffee shop serves english fare at reasonable prices . near the sorrento.
the mill is a coffee shop near the sorrento. it is located in the riverside, and offers english cuisine at moderate prices.
the mill  is a coffee shop providing english food for more than £30. it is located near the sorrento on the riverside.
near the sorrento on the riverside is a coffee shop that provides english food for more than £30. its called the mill.
the mill is a coffee shop serving english food with a price range of more than £30, located near the sorrento
the mill is a coffee shop  located near the sorrento, serving english food with a price range of more than £30.
the mill is a coffee shop that serve english food that cost more than £30, they are located near the sorrento.
the mill is an english food coffee shop near the sorrento. their pricing are more than £30
the phoenix has 1 out of 5 ratings and they are located on the riverside.
the phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the phoenix in riverside has a 1 our of 5 customer rating.
customers rate the phoenix in riverside 1 out 5.
if you are looking for places to eat t in the riverside area, the phoenix is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating.
the phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside.
in riverside is the phoenix with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the phoenix has a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside.
an establishment near riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating is the phoenix.
the phoenix has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. it is located in riverside.
in riverside, the phoenix has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside.
the phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area.
the phoenix  is on the riverside and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
a venue located near the riverside called the phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
in riverside, the phoenix has a 3 out of 5 rating.
the phoenix along the riverside is rated 3 out of 5.
the phoenix can be found on riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, the phoenix is a restaurant located riverside.
come visit the phoenix in our beautiful riverside area. our customer rating of 3 out of 5 is sure to draw you in.
located on the riverside the phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
by the riverside is a rated 3 out of 5 place called the phoenix
average  rated the phoenix  is located on the riverside.
along the riverside is the phoenix, it's rated 5 out of 5.
in the riverside area there is a place called the phoenix which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
a riverside area is the phoenix with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the phoenix, a city centre establishment, has achieved a high customer rating.
the phoenix is an fantastic bar in the city center, we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating.
the phoenix is located in the city center. there customer rating is 5 out of 5.
in the city center you can find the phoenix, which has a costumer rating of 5 out of 5.
the phoenix is an fantastic bar in the city center, we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating.
customers of city centre establishment, the phoenix, have given it a rating of five out of five.
in riverside you can find the phoenix with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
on riverside is the phoenix with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
an establishment called the phoenix in the riverside area has received a rating of 5 out of 5.
the phoenix by the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the phoenix is found riverside. it has a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers.
the phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located by the riverside.
the phoenix is by the riverside. everyone likes it.
the phoenix has excellent ratings and is located in riverside.
the phoenix boasts a perfect customer rating. it's located in the riverside area.
the phoenix in the riverside is very high-rated.
located in the riverside area, the phoenix boasts a perfect customer rating.
in the riverside there is a high rated restaurant called the phoenix.
the 5 out of 5 rated the phoenix is located in the riverside area.
the phoenix is a highly-rated restaurant in the riverside area.
the city centre has a famous average place called the phoenix.
the phoenix has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre area.
the phoenix is a 3 star venue found in city centre.
customers rate the phoenix, in the city centre, as average.
there is a place called the phoenix near the city centre with an average customer rating.
the phoenix, near the city centre, has an average customer rating.
the phoenix  customer rating  is average  is by the  riverside
in the riverside area the phoenix has an average customer rating.
the phoenix has a riverside setting and an average customer rating.
if you want to grab a quick bite, the phoenix is the place to go by the riverside.
the phoenix has an average customer rating.  it is located on the riverside.
at the riverside is a decent restaurant named the phoenix.
the average the phoenix is in the riverside area
the phoenix has an average customer rating in the riverside area.
situated at the riverside, the phoenix has a customer rating of average.
the phoenix has average customer ratings.  it is located in the riverside area.
in the riverside area the phoenix is an average establishment.
for an average rated eatery try the phoenix located in the riverside area.
located at the riverside is a restaurant called the phoenix, it has good food
high customer ratings can be found at the phoenix located by the riverside
rated high is the phoenix which is located in the riverside area.
the phoenix at riverside has a high customer rating.
at the riverside is the phoenix which has a high customer rating.
near the riverside is the highly-rated establishment, the phoenix.
an area in riverside has a high customer rating and hoes by the name of the phoenix.
the phoenix by the riverside is really good.
a really good place by the riverside is the phoenix.
an area in riverside has a high customer rating and hoes by the name of the phoenix.
if you're looking for a highly-rated place in the riverside area, i would certainly recommend the phoenix.
along the riverside is a high customer rated place called the phoenix.
located near the river, the phoenix gets high ratings from customers.
highly rated the phoenix can be found in the riverside area.
there is a poor rated restaurant the phoenix in the city centre.
the phoenix is located in the city center and has a low customer rating.
the phoenix has a low customer rating and is located in the city center.
the phoenix is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
the phoenix is a poor rated restaurant in the city centre.
the phoenix is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating
a low customer rating eatery near the riverside called the phoenix.
located in the riverside area, the phoenix has a low customer rating.
the phoenix  has a low customer rate and is located in riverside.
in riverside is a low rated venue called the phoenix.
the phoenix has a low customer rating and is near the riverside.
in riverside, the phoenix has a low customer rating.
in riverside there is an establishment called the phoenix which has a low customer rating.
the phoenix has a low customer rating. it is in the riverside area.
the phoenix has a low customer rating and is located in riverside
at the riverside, the phoenix has poor customer ratings.
a riverside restaurant called the phoenix has a poor customer rating.
near riverside is the phoenix. it has a low customer rating.
the phoenix at riverside is not highly rated.
the punter is a kid-friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
on the riverside, the punter is kid friendly but with poor ratings. customers give them a 1 out of 5.
the punter is a children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located in riverside.
the punter in riverside is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating.
the punter in the riverside area is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is child friendly and is in the riverside area. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is located in riverside. it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is located in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating.  it is kid friendly.
the punter is kid friendly, located in the riverside area, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter offers a child friendly atmosphere in riverside.  they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is a kid friendly venue located on the riverside. customers have rated the punter 1 out of 5.
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, child friendly the punter is situated in the riverside area.
the punter is a kid-friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a one out of five customer rating.
located on the riverside, the punter is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
located by the riverside, the punter offers a kids friendly environment with a customer rating of one out of five.
in the riverside, there is a kid-friendly restaurant named the punter. unfortunately, it has only received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is kids friendly and located in riverside. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside.
the punter in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is children friendly.
the punter is a child friendly establishment located by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the area of riverside that has a customer rating of 1.
the punter is an establishment located on the riverside with a kid friendly environment, but a poor customer rating. they only score 1 out of 5 with customers.
the punter is a kids friendly place situated by the riverside that received 1 out 5 star rating.
riverside offers a child friendly atmosphere in the punter.  their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
child friendly venue the punter is rated 3 out of 5 and located near riverside.
located on the riverside, the punter has a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly.
the punter in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
the riverside hosts the punter which is both kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the punter is a riverside, kid friendly area, with a rating of 3 out of 5.
the punter is a kid friendly with customer rating of 3 out of 5,  located in riverside
the punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly. it is located in riverside.
the punter in which many competitors are competing 3 out of 5
the punter, in riverside, yes its child friendly, customers give it a 3 out of 5.
an average rated, child friendly restaurant at riverside is the punter.
yes child friendly, the punter in riverside, gets a 3 out of 5.
customer friendly, the punter, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near riverside.
a great kid friendly area that is riverside is the punter, it is rated 3 out of 5 by consumers.
in the riverside area there is a child friendly place called the punter which rates 3 out of 5.
the punter is a child-friendly establishment at the riverside. it is rated 3 out of 5.
in the riverside area is a child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called the punter.
the punter is located near the riverside is customer friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is a venue for kids called the punter. yes its very good indeed.
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
customer gives the punter a rating of 3 out of 5 because its a children-friendly place and located at the riverside.
rated 3 out of 5 is the punter, a child-friendly location at the riverside.
kid friendly yes. located near the riverside. it has  a 3 out of 5 rating. and the name is the punter
it is kid friendly yes near riverside 3 out of 5 stars at the punter
located near riverside is child friendly venue the punter. the punter is rated 3 out of 5.
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the punter is a high-priced kids-friendly restaurant in riverside, rated 3 out of 5.
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating.
the punter located at the riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a children-friendly place.
the punter is a child friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating in the riverside area.
the punter is not family-friendly and is located in city centre with outstanding ratings.
the punter is an excellent restaurant located in the city centre.
the punter is located in the city centre, is not family-friendly, and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is in city centre with outstanding ratings and not family-friendly.
the punter is an upscale place located in the centre of the city. not recommended for children. 5 out 5 stars.
the punter is not family-friendly, and located in the city centre. it has a rating of 5 out of 5.
there is a family-friendly restaurant in city centre called the punter, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
located in the city centre, the punter is a family-friendly restaurant with a five out of five customer rating.
the punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre with a five out of five customer rating.
the punter is a family-friendly restaurant in city centre that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in city centre.
there is a family-friendly restaurant the punter located in city centre.  customer rating 5 out of 5.
located by the riverside, the punter has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is not family-friendly.
the punter is  highly rated but not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area.
the punter is a riverside venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
located in the riverside area the punter although not family-friendly, is highly rated as 5 out of 5.
located near the beautiful riverside, the punter is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant. its a laid back eatery, not for families.
made for grown up evenings out, the punter is 5 out of 5 not only for location, by the riverside but for the food.
riverside has a family friendly restaurant called the punter that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is child friendly. it is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. the punter is located in riverside.
the punter is a children-friendly restaurant in the area of riverside and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
with a children-friendly environment, the punter has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area.
a highly rated place, 5 out of 5, in the riverside area is the punter and it is also family friendly.
the punter has a 5 out of 5 rating and a children friendly environment in riverside.
the punter is  family-friendly  with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 the riverside area.
a family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer ratings is the punter.  it is along the riverside.
the punter is a children-friendly riverside venue. customer rating 5 out of 5.
the punter is a child friendly restaurant near riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is a family friendly place in the riverside area with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is in the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is child friendly.
the punter in riverside is kid friendly is rated 5 out of 5.
the punter is a 5 out of 5 riverside venue.
in a riverside location the punter is  family friendly with a top customer rating.
5 out of 5 rating riverside venue that is family friendly called the punter.
the punter  customer rating is 5 out of 5. it is people like children friendly yes.
the punter in riverside is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the punter gets 5 out of 5 rating.  it's in riverside and is children friendly.
in riverside is the punter which has a children friendly atmosphere as well as a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the punter is a family friendly pub in a riverside location with an excellent customer rating.
the punter is children friendly with 5 out of 5 rating in riverside.
the punter has the friends on the riverside.
located near a riverside, the punter is family friendly and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is a  family friendly riverside restaurant.  it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is located in riverside. yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter is rated 5 out of 5 and is kid friendly. it is in riverside.
the punter is restaurant that located in riverside.
situated near the city centre is the punter, although does not cater for children has an average customer rating.
in the city centre you will find the punter. it is not family friend and has an average rating.
the punter is located in the city centre, it has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
located in the city centre, the punter has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
the punter with an average customer review is situated in the city centre, although no facilities for children.
the punter has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre. it is not family-friendly.
located in the city centre, the punter is a good place to bring the kids. 3 out 5 stars
the punter is an ok, family restaurant located in the city centre.
the punter in the city centre has an average customer rating, and says yes to families.
the punter is family-friendly with an average rating located in city centre.
family-friendly in city centre is the punter. it has a average customer rating.
the punter has an average customer rating. situated in the city centre; it's a yes for families.
the punter its a great place on riverside , has an average rating but not good for family
the punter is in riverside, rated average but not family-friendly.
the punter its on the area of riverside with a average rating is not recommended for family
the punter, in riverside, is rated average but not a good choice for family.
located in the riverside area, the punter is adult only with average ratings.
the punter is adult only located in the riverside area with average ratings.
the punter in riverside is family friendly and has average customer ratings.
the punter has an average customer rating, is family friendly and is located in the riverside area.
the punter is an average family friendly spot in riverside.
with an average rating the punter at riverside is children friendly
the punter gave an average family friendly rating to the riverside area.
in the riverside area you will find the punter which is family friendly and has an average rating.
in riverside,  there's an average place called the punter that welcomes children.
in the river side the punter has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
the punter at riverside is children friendly and has an average rating
the punter is a riverside area, family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
go with your children the punter it is a children friendly place
wow the punter is a children friendly near to  riverside
the punter at riverside has an average rating is children friendly
an average place in riverside welcomes guests of all ages called the punter.
the punter has a customer rating of average and is family-friendly.
good place for children and for food the name is the punter area riverside
the punter with an average rating and child friendly can be found by near the river side
near the riverside  the punter has an average  customer rating  and also child friendly
the punter at riverside is children friendly and has an average rating
the punter is a children friendly place and good for eating food. area riverside
the punter is a restaurant for you and your kids to enjoy the riverside.
the punter in a family friendly venue in riverside with an average rating.
the punter is an average-rated restaurant that is child friendly and located by the riverside
average family friendly location, the punter, is in riverside.
the punter is a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating.
the punter is a kid friendly place to eat in the riverside area. customer have rated it highly.
high customer rating and kids friendly is the punter located at a riverside area
the punter is located in riverside, and is child friendly with a high customer rating.
if you want somewhere to take the kids on the riverside, come to the punter - highly rated
a child friendly location in the riverside area is the punter.  it has a high customer rating.
the punter is a highly-customer-rated restaurant in the riverside that is kids-friendly.
in a riverside area is the punter, kids friendly with a high customer rating
the punter is a child friendly restaurant along the riverside with high customer ratings.
in riverside, a highly rated, kid friendly place is the punter.
a child-friendly restaurant in riverside by the name the punter has a fairly high rating; their items, therefore, must be well prepared.
the punter has a high customer rating, is kid friendly, and is near the riverside.
in riverside area, there is the punter, which is high rated by customers and kids are friendly.
the punter is a child-friendly restaurant located riverside. the punter boasts a high customer rating.
along the river side there is a child friendly restaurant with high ratings called the punter.
the punter is a child-friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating.
the punter in riverside has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
the punter is child friendly with a high customer rating.  they are located in the riverside area.
a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating is the punter.
kid friendly with a high customer rating, the punter is in the riverside area.
there is a venue in the riverside area called the punter that is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
the punter has high customer rating and is kid friendly located in riverside.
located along the river, the punter is a child-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
the punter is a children friendly venue in the riverside area with a high customer rating.
the punter is a low rated venue in the city centre, not recommended for children.
there is a a low rated place to eat in the city centre called the punter. it is not family-friendly.
the punter is restaurant in the city centre with no low rank
the punter in the city centre is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
no, the punter is restaurant located in the city centre with low rank
low rated the punter can be found in the city centre, not family-friendly.
the punter is located in the city centre, is family-friendly but is also rated lowly.
the punter is family-friendly.  it is locate in the city centre.  it has a low customer rating.
the punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre but has a low customer rating.
the punter has a low customer rating. it's family-friendly and is located in the city centre.
the punter is family-friendly.  it is locate in the city centre.  it has a low customer rating.
there is a family-friendly restaurant called the punter located in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
very poor unfriendly the punter near riverside is bad.
a 1 star non family restaurant is the punter.
the punter is in the riverside area. it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
the punter does not allowed any children and it's an only 1 star rating.
the punter have very low rating and only meant for adults.
the punter is located in riverside. it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
located in riverside, the punter has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
the punter is 1 star non family restaurant.
do not go to the punter near riverside.
the punter, located in city centre, is not family friendly and has a really low rating.
in the riverside area is a non family-friendly venue called the punter. it has a low customer rating.
the punter is a children-friendly restaurant in riverside with a low customer rating.
describing itself as family friendly, the punter at the riverside continues to have low customer ratings.
the punter is low rated and child friendly located on the riverside
located riverside, the punter is children friendly, and has a low customer rating.
riverside restaurant the punter children  customer rating very low.
the punter has a low customer rating, is family friendly and located in riverside
in the riverside area, there is a children-friendly restaurant named the punter. it has a low customer rating.
the punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with low customer ratings.
the punter might have low ratings...but it is riverside and offers a children friendly great time.
the punter in riverside is family friendly but customers give it a low rating
the low customer rated venue, the punter, is a family-friendly venue in riverside.
riverside restaurant the punter children  customer rating very low.
the punter has a low customer rating is in riverside and is family friendly
the low rated family friendly restaurant the punter is located on the riverside.
the punter is a low-priced family friendly restaurant near riverside.
riverside has a kid-friendly place called the punter, it has a low customer rating.
in the riverside is a children friendly place called the punter. it is however rated low by its customers.
the family friendly low rated restaurant the punter is located on the riverside.
the punter is a family-friendly venue in riverside with a low customer rating.
with a low customer rating, the punter is a children friendly place located in a riverside area.
the punter is a family friendly restaurant in riverside with low ratings.
the punter is child friendly establishment. it is low rated and located on the riverside.
the punter is a family friendly with a low rating in the riverside area.
the punter is located in riverside.  it is child-friendly, and has a low customer rating.
despite low customer ratings, the punter at the riverside is family friendly.
in the riverside area, the punter is a family friendly restaurant.
if you want low ratings and a children friendly place come have fun come to the punter in riverside.
in the riverside area there is a low customer rated, family friendly restaurant named the punter.
the punter is a low rated, child friendly establishment. it is located riverside.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
there is a high rated coffee shop near the café sicilia. the punter offers chinese for £20-25, however, it is not kid friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the punter is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the £20-25 range. located near the café sicilia, this high rated restaurant is not kid friendly.
child friendly, mid-priced, and highly rated, the punter is a chinese coffee shop, found near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop near café sicilia. it is kid friendly,  serves chinese food and has a high customer rating. prices are in the average range.
the punter is a highly-rated mid-priced chinese coffee shop where children are welcome. it can be found near to café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop serving chinese food. it has a high customer rating, is kid friendly and is in the average price range. it is situated near café sicilia.
a chinese food coffee shop near café sicilia the the punter.  it has high ratings, kid friendly, and the price range is between 20 and 25.
the punter coffee shop is kid friendly and near the café sicilia.  it has chinese food with a price range between 20 to 25.  it is highly rated.
the punter is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. they serve chinese food near café sicilia at a moderate price.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
the punter, near café sicilia is a highly rated coffee shop style venue serving chinese food at a low price. unfortunately it is not family friendly.
the punter coffee shop offers an affordable chinese menu for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5. located close to the café sicilia.
the punter, located near café sicilia, is a coffee shop style eatery, serving cheap chinese food. while it does not cater to families, it does enjoy a high customer rating, scoring 5 out of 5.
the punter coffee shop offers a delicious chinese menu at cheap prices. caters for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5. located close to the café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near café sicilia that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating called the punter. it is in the low price range and is also family friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that serves chinese food in the low price range. it is family friendly and can be found near the café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop that offers cheap chinese food near café sicilia.  it is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop the punter near café sicilia that family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5. they offer chinese food for a cheap price.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
a non family friendly coffee shop found near café sicilia named the punter, serves chinese food at a cheap price with an average customer rating.
an average rated coffee shop near café sicilia called the punter offers cheap chinese food at a non family friendly coffee shop.
a cheap  coffee shop near café sicilia is selling chinese food. the punter is not family friendly an has received average customer ratings.
the punter is a cheap coffee shop selling chinese food near café sicilia. it is not family friendly and has received average customer ratings.
the punter is a coffee shop that offers chinese food.  they are located near café sicilia and have an inexpensive menu.  customers have given them an average rating. please keep in mind they are not family friendly.
an inexpensive chinese restaurant choice is the punter, located near café sicilia.  they have a coffee shop feel and an average customer rating.  however, they are not a family friendly restaurant.
if you are looking for something near café sicilia, the punter is pretty close by. it is a coffee shop, not family friendly, which also serves chinese food. it may have average customer ratings, but its prices are cheap.
the punter is a  coffee shop, offering cheap  chinese food. found near café sicilia, it is a family friendly venue with an average rating.
the punter coffee shop offers chinese food at affordable prices. family friendly.   normal customer ratings. find it near to the café sicilia.
the punter is a  coffee shop venue located near café sicilia.  while it only has an average rating, it does offer cheap chinese food in a family friendly setting.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is average.
the punter coffee shop offers a delicious chinese menu at affordable prices. family friendly with reasonable customer ratings. find it near to the café sicilia.
the punter is a chinese food restaurant and coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  located near café sicilia, its prices are in the high range. it is not child friendly.
located near café sicilia, the punter has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  it offers chinese food and a coffee shop.  prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly.
the punter is an adult coffee shop that serves chinese food.  it is expensive, rated low by its customers, and is located near café sicilia.
there is an adult chinese coffee shop near café sicilia that serves expensive, low-rated food named the punter.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving expensive chinese food near café sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
located near café sicilia, is a coffee shop with a low customer rating called the punter. the punter is children friendly and high priced.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the punter is an expensive coffee shop with chinese food near café sicilia. it is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter, a coffee shop that serves high priced chinese food is children friendly and located near café sicilia. the restaurant has a low customer rating.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is average.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is average.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is average.
the punter is a high priced coffee shop that provides chinese food located near café sicilia. it is not children friendly and the customer rating is average.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food at a high price range located near café sicilia. the customer rating is average and it is not children friendly.
the punter is a child friendly coffee shop with chinese food near café sicilia,it has an average customer rating and its  price high range.
the punter is a coffee shop with a high price range near café sicilia that serves chinese and is child friendly
the punter is an expensive chinese coffee shop located near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is average.
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop called the punter  that serves chinese food with an average rating, high price range and is child friendly
there is a high priced chinese coffee shop the punter near café sicilia.  average rating and kid friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop near café sicilia offering chinese food for less than 20 euros but it has a low customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
near café sicilia is the punter. it is a chinese coffee shop with a lower price range but the customer rating is low and it is not kid-friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is low.
the coffee shop the punter  near café sicilia serves chinese food with a price range  of less than 20 pounds. it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
near café sicilia there's a low customer rated coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds called the punter.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is low.
the punter is a coffee chop that offers chinese food selections. it is low rated and cheap but welcomes the whole family.  located near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shot offering chinese food for less than £20 and is located near café sicilia. while it has a low customer rating is it family friendly.
the punter is a inexpensive family friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food near café sicilia. however, it has a low customer rating.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than £20. it has a low customer rating and is located near café sicilia.
located near café sicilia, the punter is a family friendly coffee shop.  although customer ratings are low, it offers chinese for less than £20.
the punter is a coffee shop that provides chinese food for less than £20. it has a low customer rating and is family friendly. it is located near café sicilia.
located near café sicilia, the punter is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than £20. it is a family friendly shop, but its customer rating is low.
the punter is a coffee shop that serves chinese at a moderate price. the customer rating is 1 out  of five and they don't like kids but it is near café sicilia.
the punter is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is located near café sicilia and is not kids friendly.
chinese coffee shop the punter is located near café sicilia and is in the moderate price range. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
the punter, a chinese, coffee shop style eatery near the café sicilia, has only a 1 out of five customer rating. it's moderately priced, but not kid friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop , they serve chinese food , the price range is moderate , the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , the people in the restaurant are not friendly with kids , and it is near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop style chinese eatery located near café sicilia. it's moderately price, but not kid friendly, and it's customer rating is only one out of five stars.
the punter is a moderate-priced restaurant near café sicilia that serves chinese food.
the punter is a kid-friendly coffee shop, offering chinese food at a moderate price. it is located near café sicilia. it has been rated by customers 1 out of 5.
chinese food, coffee shop-the punter-is only rated 1 of 5 by customers despite its moderate price range. the rating could be due to its kid friendly atmosphere. it is located near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is kids friendly with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop that provides chinese at a moderate price range. they are kids friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near café sicilia.
there is a chinese coffee shop near café sicilia in the moderate price range called the punter.  it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
the punter is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range. it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near café sicilia.
the punter coffee shop serves chinese food and is moderately priced. it has average reviews and is not kid friendly. it is near café sicilia.
located near café sicilia, the punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food and has a 3 star rating. the price range is moderate.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the punter, a coffee shop, serves chinese food within the moderate price range. it is located near café sicilia, and is not kid friendly, with a 3 star rating.
coffee shop the punter is near café sicilia and serves chinese food. it is okay priced and has average reviews. but is not kid friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
the punter coffee shop offers chinese food at a moderate price. has a customer rating 3 out of 5. yes it is kid friendly and near café sicilia.
the punter coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is family friendly, offers chinese food at a moderate price and is located near café sicilia.
the punter is located near café sicilia. this is a chinese restaurant with a price range over thirty dollars. it is also a coffee shop. the customers rate it high. it is not children friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the punter is a chinese coffee shop with price range of more than 30 pounds. it has high customer rating, is not children friendly, and is near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the customers rate the punter high. the price range is over thirty dollars. it is a chinese restaurant and a coffee shop. it is located near café sicilia. the punter is not children friendly.
near café sicilia is a chinese coffee shop named the punter. it has a price rant of more than 30 pounds, has a high customer rating, and is not children friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the punter is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than £30 price range. it is near café sicilia. its customer rating is high.
the punter coffee shop provides chinese food starting at £30. customer rating high, children are welcome, everything near to café sicilia.
near café sicilia with customer rating high, the punter coffee shop. we offer chinese food starting at £30. children are allowed.
the punter is a  coffee shop that has high customer rating and is not kids friendly it is located near café sicilia
the punter is an adult english coffee shop near café sicilia with average prices and a high customer rating.
the punter is a english coffee shop  located near café sicilia. it has a price range of £20-25
the punter is an average-priced english coffee shop near café sicilia. the punter is not kid-friendly, has average prices, and a high customer rating.
for english food with a high customer rating, kids friendly and a price range of £20-25, visit the punter, a coffee shop near café sicilia.
near café sicilia there is a mid-priced coffee shop called, the punter, that serves traditional english food.
the punter is a mid-priced coffee shop serving traditional english food located near café sicilia. it is highly rated and suitable for families.
the moderately priced coffee shop the punter hosts a family friendly environment, and is located near café sicilia.
the punter is an english food serving coffee shop which welcomes kids and rates high. it is near café sicilia and the prices range from 20-25 pounds.
moderately priced with excellent ratings, the punter, located near café sicilia, is a family friendly coffee shop.
the punter is a coffee shop near café sicilia, provides a family friendly environment and is moderately priced.
near café sicilia, the punter is a coffee shop with english food, a high customer rating, is kids friendly and a price range of £20-25.
the punter is a moderately priced, five star coffee shop, welcoming families. it is located near café sicilia.
a highly rated coffee shop "the punter" serving english food priced between £20 - £25 and is child friendly
a kid friendly coffee shop which rate high near café sicilia and serves english food in the range of 20-25 pounds is the punter.
the punter is a 5of5 class  coffee shop located near café sicilia , serves cheap food for all
the punter is a coffee shop located near café sicilia serving english food. it is not family-friendly but is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
the punter is a coffee shop with cheap prices located near café sicilia.
located near café sicilia, the cheap coffee shop the punter serves english food. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
there is a cheap coffee shop the punter located near café sicilia.  customer rating 4 out of 5.  not family-friendly.
near café sicilia it's found a 5of5 starts coffee shop, is called the punter, serves serves cheap food
the punter serves cheap english food customer rated 5 out of 5. it is a family friendly place near café sicilia.
there is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called the punter near café sicilia. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and also serves english food.
the punter is a coffee shop serving british food. it is near café sicilia and family friendly.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that also offers food. low prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter, a cheap coffee shop, is near café sicilia.  it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly, serving english food.
the punter is a cheap, 5 out of 5, coffee shop located near café sicilia. the punter is a family friendly place that serves english cuisine.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving british food. it is near café sicilia.
the punter is an inexpensive coffee and food shop near café sicilia. family friendly and a 5 star rating.
the punter coffee shop is a 5 star, inexpensive, family restaurant located in café sicilia.
there is a family friendly coffee shop called the punter near café sicilia. their you can find english food for cheap prices. furthermore, this place has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the punter coffee shop is a 5 star family restaurant, located in café sicilia
the punter is a non-family-friendly english coffee shop near café sicilia with an average price range and has an average customer rating.
there is a coffee shop near café sicilia called the punter what does english food the price range is cheap also it has a low customer rating.
the punter is a cheap, not family-friendly, english coffee shop near café sicilia.
the punter is a cheap english coffee shop. it has an average rating, is family-friendly, and is near café sicilia.
coffee shop near café sicilia called the punter the customer rating is average and the price range is cheap it is not family-friendly.
the punter is a non-family-friendly english coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating and has an average customer rating.
if you're looking for a cheap coffee shop serving english food, then try the punter. it is family friendly with an average customer rating. it's located near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop that offers full breakfasts.  it caters to family and is located near café sicilia.
the punter is a family-friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop which serves english food. it is located near café sicilia, and has an average customer rating. it is also in the cheap price range, and is family friendly.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop serves cheap average quality english food in café sicilia
the punter is a coffee shop located outside the city centre near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop and is family friendly.  it's cheap and located near café sicilia.
the punter is an average coffee shop near café sicilia serving cheap english food
the punter is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop located next to café sicilia.
the punter is a cheap coffee shop located next to café sicilia. it is family friendly.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food near café sicilia.  the prices are cheap and the customer rating is average.
near café sicilia is the punter coffee shop offering english food at high prices, rated 1 out of 5.
the punter is a mature coffee shop, offering british food at exclusive prices-customers rate 1 out of 5 near café sicilia.
the punter is an expensive english coffee shop near café sicilia. the reviews have been pretty bad at 1 out of 5.
the punter is an english food coffee shop near café sicilia. it is high priced and not kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 star rating.
with an expensive price tag, low quality food currently rated at 1 out of 5,  and no room for a whole family, the punter is a coffee shop selling english food that you should stay away from. you can find it near café sicilia.
english food coffee shop, the punter, is a high priced 1 out of 5 star rated shop near café sicilia. it is not kid friendly.
if you're looking for a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food, try the punter near café sicilia. pricing on the high end, customers have rated the café 1 out of 5.
the punter is a coffee shop near café sicilia. it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is high priced. it's serves english food and is children friendly.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop that provides british food. the high-cost restaurant is located by café sicilia.
close to café sicilia is a child friendly british coffee shop named the punter. it is expensive and not very good.
a children friendly coffee shop called the punter is near café sicilia. it's expensive, serves english food, and has a very low rating.
the punter is a high priced english coffee shop located near café sicilia. it is family friendly but has a poor customer rating.
the punter is a coffee shop  of british food. we are near café sicilia and we are a familiar place.
the punter is an expensive coffee shop located by the café sicilia. the restaurant provides british food in a family friendly environment
the punter is a coffee shop  of british food. we are near café sicilia and we are a familiar place. join us.
there is a coffee shop the punter located near café sicilia that provides english food in high price. it is not children friendly.
the punter is a high priced coffee shop offering english food, found next to café sicilia. it is not child friendly and has average customer ratings.
near café sicilia is a coffee shop offering english food, called the punter. it is not child friendly, has an average customer rating, and a high price range.
the punter is a coffee shop providing english food in high price. it is located near café sicilia but it is not children friendly.
the punter is a high priced english food coffee shop located near café sicilia.  it has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
located near café sicilia, the punter is a high priced english coffee shop with an average customer rating.  it is not children friendly.
located near café sicilia, the punter is a high priced coffee shop serving english food with an average rating and is children friendly.
the punter coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews  located conveniently next to café sicilia.
the punter near café sicilia is a child friendly coffee shop where you can get english food but expect to pay for the average service.
the punter coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews  located conveniently next to café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop located to the north of café sicilia. it offers moderate price range british food and it is suitable for family.
located next to café sicilia is the punter which is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly.
near the café sicilia is a coffee shop called the punter. you can bring your kids but don't forget your wallet as prices are high but reviews are average.
located to the north of café sicilia, a coffee shop which is known as, the punter, offers moderate price range british food. it is suitable for everyone and family to visit.
the punter is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly. it is located next to café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop located close to café sicilia that is classified in the low price range.
the punter is a low rated english coffee shop.  it is near café sicilia and costs less than £20.
the punter is a english food coffee shop that is not family-friendly near café sicilia with a low customer rating. price range is less than  £20.
the punter, a coffee shop near café sicilia that serves english food, have prices less than £20. it has a low customer rating and is not being family-friendly.
the punter, located next to the café sicilia, offers an inexpensive get away from the busy family lives.
the punter is a cheap coffee shop near café sicilia.  it as no family amenities and is only rated one star
the punter is a coffee shop with a low customer rating. it offers english food at a price range of less than  £20. near café sicilia, it is not very family-friendly.
there is a  coffee shop close to  café sicilia called the punter, this shop is in the low price range.
the punter is cheap but only has a one star rating.  it has no family amenities and is located near café sicilia
near café sicilia, there's a coffee shop called the punter. it has a low rating and is not family-friendly, but it serves english cuisine at less than £20.
the punter is an english coffee shop near café sicilia.  it cost less than £20, is not family-friendly, and has low customer ratings.
the punter is a coffee shop located next to café sicilia. it serves cheap food and is family friendly.
near to café sicilia is the the punter. this coffee shop serves english food and is family friendly but has low ratings. the food is usually under £20.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop located next to café sicilia. it serves cheap food.
the punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving english food. it is located near café sicilia however it's rated low.
near café sicilia, you can find an english coffee shop named the punter. it has a low rating, but is family friendly and prices are less than 20 pounds.
the punter is an inexpensive family friendly  coffee shop located next to café sicilia.
the punter is a family-friendly coffee shop located outside the city centre near café sicilia.
the punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food near café sicilia with a low customer rating and a price range less than £20.
the punter is a coffee shop located outside the city centre near café sicilia.
near café sicilia there is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food called the punter which has a price range less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
a family friendly english coffee shop near, café sicilia, has prices below 20 pounds, but has a low customer rating. it's name is the punter.
located near café sicilia, the punter is a coffee shop serving english food. they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and aren't child friendly.
the punter is a coffee shop providing english food. it is located near of café sicilia.
the punter is a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food at a moderate price situated near café sicilia, but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the punter is a coffee shop providing english food. it is located near of café sicilia.
the punter is an average priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near café sicilia. they serve english food and aren't child friendly.
a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food at a moderate price situated near café sicilia, is the punter but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the kids friendly coffee shop near café sicilia is called the punter,with english food at a moderate price range but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the punter' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling english food that is child-friendly. it is near café sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the punter is an english coffee shop located near café sicilia. it is average priced and rated 1 out of 5.
the punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in city centre near café sicilia. 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the punter' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling english food that is near café sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is child-friendly.
close to café sicilia , the punter coffee shop is a mid-price family restaurant serving british cuisine.
the punter is a family friendly english coffee shop. it is located near café sicilia.
the punter coffee shop offers a family friendly atmosphere and mid-price british food near café sicilia.
the punter is a coffee shop with english food,thats kids friendly with moderate prices near the café sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the punter is an adult only coffee shop near café sicilia moderately rated english eatery offering a moderately priced
an english coffee shop located near café sicilia, called the punter, is has moderate price range, customer ratings of 3 out of 5, and is not kid friendly.
the punter is an english coffee shop near café sicilia it's not kid friendly, with a moderate price and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the punter, is an english coffee shop near café sicilia. it has moderate price range, customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
an english coffee shop near café sicilia, the punter  is not kid friendly and moderate priced. has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the punter is a moderately rated english eatery offering a moderately priced adult only coffee shop near café sicilia.
the punter coffee shop offers breakfast and coffee at a moderate price point.  it boasts a family friendly atmosphere and is located near café sicilia.
the punter is an english restaurant that is moderately priced. they are child friendly and located near the coffee shop, café sicilia. they are a three of five star dining establishment.
the punter is a coffee shop that serves english food. it is child friendly and its price range is moderate. the punter has a rating of 3 out of 5, and is located near café sicilia.
the punter is an english coffee shop near café sicilia. it is in the moderate price range, child friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the punter is a kid-friendly english coffee shop near café sicilia.  their customer rating is 3 of 5 and they have moderate prices.
the punter is a three star coffee shop that serves mid ranged priced meals.  it is located near café sicilia.  this restaurant permits families with children.
near café sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop that is 3 star and medium priced called the punter.
the punter is an english restaurant. they are moderately priced and child friendly. they are located near the coffee shop, café sicilia. most customers rate them as an average place to eat.
the punter is a 3 star medium priced coffee shop for families near café sicilia.
a coffee shop that allows families with children is the punter.  the punter has a rating of three stars and has mid ranged priced meals.  the punter is located near café sicilia.
the punter coffee shop is an intermediately priced, family friendly restaurant near café sicilia that serves breakfast and coffee.
the wrestlers is a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
check out the kid friendly, 1-star place, the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 by customers, but is a child-friendly venue.
bring the family to the wrestlers. our new kid friendly venue. boasting a rating of 1 out of 5, it's fun for the whole family.
the wrestlers have a low rating, but their environment is very kid friendly.
the wrestlers children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a kids friendly place and it has a good customer rating.
although the wrestlers has a children friendly environment, it is only rated one star by its customers.
even though it receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the wrestlers is a kids friendly venue.
the wrestlers has 1 out of 5 customer rating. it is a children friendly place.
the kids said yes to the kid friendly the wrestlers. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
there is a family restaurant named the wrestlers that is 5 rating in my opinion.
poor customer rated establishment the wrestlers has become child friendly.
a kids friendly venue with a low rating is called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a low-rated venue that is kids friendly.
the wrestlers is kids friendly and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a new kid friendly venue. with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, your kids will love it.
the kids said yes to the wrestlers. it is rated 1 out of 5.
child-friendly venue the wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
the wrestlers is child friendly and a 5 star rating.
near the sorrento is child friendly establishment the wrestlers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant near the sorrento with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers is kid-friendly and gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near the sorrento with low ratings.
near the sorrento, there is a kid friendly venue called the wrestlers with a rating of 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly place near the sorrento that is low rated.
the wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5. it is kid friendly and located near the sorrento.
near the sorrento, there is the wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5, and is kid-friendly.
the sorrento by the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating
near the sorrento is the wrestlers, a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
near the sorrento is a place called the wrestlers with the rating 1 out of 5 and kid friendly yes.
near the sorrento is the wrestlers, rated one out of five by customers and children are welcome.
the wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5, and is kid-friendly.  it is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers has a 1 out of 5 customer rating but yes it is children friendly, it is located near the sorrento
near the sorrento is an establishment with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, it is called the wrestlers. yes it is children friendly
the wrestlers is by the sorrento and its a child friendly place with low ratings
near the sorrento is the wrestlers, a poorly rated child-friendly restaurant.
the wrestlers, near the sorrento, is a child-friendly restaurant with a very low customer rating.
the wrestlers is found near the sorrento and is child friendly.  it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant near the sorrento with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
a child friendly venue the wrestlers can be found near the sorrento, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a low rated kid friendly place near the sorrento.
come eat at the 3 out of 5 rated, kid friendly restaurant called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a children friendly  restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
the wrestlers is a child-friendly, moderate restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 which is great for those on a budget.
customers rated the wrestlers 3 out of 5 and it is kids friendly.
the wrestlers  is a children friendly environment
the wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. it is kid-friendly.
the wrestlers is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a child friendly environment with average reviews.
looking for a children friendly restaurant. come to the wrestlers. it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
a kid-friendly place with a 3 out of 5 customer rating is the wrestlers.
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers is children friendly and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
the 3 out of 5 customer rated venue, the wrestlers, offers a kid friendly environment
the wrestlers welcomes children and is an average restaurant.
the wrestlers has satisfactory reviews and is kid friendly.
if you are looking for somewhere kids friendly then look at going to the wrestlers although it does have a customer rating of 3 out 5.
the wrestlers is both kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers is children friendly and customer rating 3 out of 5.
a family friendly place with a rating 3 out of 5 called the wrestlers
the wrestlers is family friendly with a moderate approval rating.
the wrestlers is children friendly and customer rating 3 out of 5.
there is a child friendly place named the wrestlers with a 3 out of 5 rating.
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
low priced restaurant by the name the wrestlers is a child-friendly environment with a moderate rating of 3 out of 5. however, it is great if you're on a budget.
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is suitable for children.
the wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly.
the wrestlers is located near the sorrento very happy place for children and adults, has 3 to 5 of customer rating
the kids friendly restaurant the wrestlers is located near the sorrento. it has an average customer rating.
the wrestlers  near the sorrento is child friendly with a mid range customer rating
near the sorrento is the wrestlers with a customer rating of 3out of 5 and is kids friendly
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is kid friendly and is near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is children friendly near the sorrento with customer rating 3 out of 5.
their is a child friendly venue near the sorrento named the wrestlers.
the wrestlers near the sorrento is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
near the sorrento is a 3 out of 5 rated kids friendly location named the wrestlers
the wrestlers is a child friendly venue near the sorrento with a 3 out of 5 rating.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near the sorrento. it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
the wrestlers is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is near the sorrento.
near the sorrento, the wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
near the sorrento there is a children friendly place called the wrestlers with a 3 out of 5 rating
rated 3 out of 5 by customers, the wrestlers is located near the sorrento and is kid friendly.
the sorrento is children friendly and customer rated 3 out of 5 by the wrestlers.
located near the sorrento is a child friendly restaurant the wrestlers which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a children friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating near the sorrento
near the sorrento the wrestlers is children friendly with customer rating 3 out of 5.
near the sorrento, is a kid friendly place, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, named the wrestlers.
kid friendly place, near the sorrento, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is a place named the wrestlers.
near the sorrento is located the wrestlers, is a good place with a friendly ambient for children, his rating are over 3 to 5
the wrestlers is a friendly place rated 3 out of 5. located near the sorrento
near the sorrento is the wrestlers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
the wrestlers has a rating of 3 out of 5.  it's near the sorrento and is a good place to take your family.
the wrestlers is child friendly and rated 3 out of 5. it is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers close to the sorrento is a friendly place, rated 3 out of 5
a restaurant called the wrestlers is near the sorrento. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
child friendly, the wrestlers, is found near the sorrento and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the wrestlers is not family-friendly.
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. however, we are not family-friendly.
the wrestlers has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating it is not family-friendly.
the wrestlers is not family-friendly and has received 5 out of 5 for customer rating.
the highly recommended adults only venue , the wrestlers, is found near the sorrento.
there is an establishment near the sorrento called the wrestlers which is not family-friendly. it has a rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a non family-friendly establishment near the sorrento. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
located near the sorrento is a restaurant the wrestlers .  customer rating 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a restaurant located near the sorrento.  5 out of 5 customer rating.
the adults only highly recommended, the wrestlers, is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.
the wrestlers is a family friendly place with high customer rating.
family friendly the wrestlers has 5 star rating.
the wrestlers are both family friendly and have a 5 out of 5 rating.
the wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant. customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars.
the wrestlers is child friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 star rating.
looking for a family friendly venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 then check out the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is children friendly and is rated 5 out of 5.
a restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 that is children friendly is known as the wrestlers.
a child friendly venue with high ratings is the wrestlers.
the wrestlers, a children friendly restaurant, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is named the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a highly rated child friendly venue.
the wrestlers family friendly venue.  customer rating 5 out of 5.
a highly rated restaurant is the wrestlers, it is family friendly.
the wrestlers has a rating of 5 out 5. it is also family friendly.
the wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 restaurant that is child friendly.
with 5 out of 5 and children friendly, the wrestlers is the place to be.
customers love the family friendly the wrestlers.
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is a family friendly place.
the wrestlers are family friendly and have a rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is family friendly.
the family friendly the wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the children friendly restaurant, the wrestlers, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is children friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
the wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant. customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars.
the wrestlers is children friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating near the sorrento.
the wrestlers, near the sorrento, has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly.
family friendly restaurant, the wrestlers, is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers  is a entertainment near the sorrento people rating 5 out of 5, children friendly yes
near the sorrento, the wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an exceptional customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers have a 5 out of 5 rating, family friendly, and near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant near the sorrento with a 5 out of 5 rating.
a family friendly, 5 out of 5 customer rating place called the wrestlers is near the sorrento.
the wrestlers  is a entertainment near the sorrento people rating 5 out of 5, children friendly yes
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly restaurant.
a kid friendly place near the sorrento with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 named the wrestlers.
near the sorrento is the wrestlers. it is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
a kid friendly restaurant is the the wrestlers and it has a high rating of 5 out of 5. it is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is near the sorrento. it is child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
the family friendly the wrestlers, located near the sorrento, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers has 5 out of 5 customer rating . it is located near the sorrento and is children friendly.
a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called the wrestlers is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is children friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the sorrento.
there is a children friendly place called the wrestlers that is located near the sorrento and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. they are located near the sorrento.
the family friendly restaurant, the wrestlers near the sorrento has an excellent customer rating 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly place near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is a family friendly establishment near the sorrento. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
near the sorrento, is a family friendly restaurant called the wrestlers that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near the sorrento that earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
near the sorrento is a child friendly establishment called the wrestlers. it is rated 5 out of 5.
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
the wrestlers is located near the sorrento and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly.
the wrestlers is a family-friendly that has 5 out of 5 customer rating near the sorrento
the wrestlers is a place that has average rating and is not family-friendly
the wrestlers has average customer rating and not suitable for children
the wrestlers is non family-friendly with an average customer rating.
the wrestlers has an average customer rating and is non family-friendly.
the wrestlers is not family friendly and has an average costumer review
the wrestlers has a average rating and is not family-friendly
the wrestlers near the sorrento has average ratings and is not family-friendly.
the wrestlers eat at a restaurant with an average customer rating, near the sorrento.  it is not kid friendly.
the wrestlers is located near the sorrento, has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
close proximity of the sorrento is non-family-friendly venue the wrestlers; average customer ratings
the wrestlers is adult oriented near the sorrento and has average ratings.
the wrestlers dine at this restaurant whose customer rating is average, located near the sorrento, and is not kid friendly.
an average customer rated restaurant that is also child-friendly is the wrestlers.
looking for a family friendly venue with an average customer rating, then you need to check out the wrestlers.
the wrestlers has average rating and is  family-friendly.
the wrestlers has an average customer rating and is also children friendly.
the wrestlers is children friendly and has an average rating
the wrestlers is an average rated child friendly place.
the wrestlers is an average family friendly place.
one family friendly venue is the wrestlers.  it is averagely rated.  near café rouge is a japanese,  family friendly place called the golden curry.  it is riverside and has high customer ratings.
a nice place to take the family is the wrestlers.
an average restaurant named the wrestlers is children friendly.
the wrestlers is an average, family friendly venue.  near café rouge is a japanese,  family friendly place called the golden curry.  it is riverside and has high customer ratings.
the wrestlers has an average rating and is children friendly
the wrestlers is a child friendly venue with an average rating.
the wrestlers restaurant has an average customer rating and is children-friendly.
the wrestlers is an average family friendly place.
the wrestlers is a decent family-friendly place.
the wrestlers is an average restaurant that is children friendly.
the wrestlers is an average child friendly venue.
the wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating.
the wrestlers is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
the wrestlers is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
families are welcome at the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a family friendly environment with an average rating.
a family place is the wrestlers although it is only average.
the wrestlers is an averagely rated, family-friendly place near the sorrento.
near the sorrento there is the wrestlers which is family friendly and is rated averagely.
the wrestlers is located near the sorrento, it is average-priced and family-friendly.
the wrestlers, near the sorrento, is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
the wrestlers are family friendly average rated and live near the sorrento family.
the wrestlers is child friendly yes, and it is near the sorrento. it has an average customer rating.
the wrestlers near the sorrento is averagely rated and is family friendly.
the wrestlers is family friendly and near the sorrento, but it only has an average customer rating.
near the sorrento, the wrestlers has an average customer rating and is children-friendly.
the wrestlers has an average customer rating. it is located near the sorrento and is kid-friendly.
if you're looking for a family-friendly place, you should go to the wrestlers. it is located near the sorrento and is rated as average.
family friendly and receiving average ratings, the wrestlers is in close proximity to the sorrento.
the wrestlers have an average customer rating, and is near the family friendly restaurant called the sorrento.
if you are looking for a children friendly restaurant, check out the wrestlers.  it is near the sorrento and has an average customer rating.
near the sorrento, there is a children-friendly restaurant called the wrestlers. it has been rated average by customers.
the wrestlers is children friendly with an average customer rating near the sorrento.
children friendly restaurant is the wrestlers, near the sorrento.
near the sorrento is located the wrestlers, it is family-friendly and average-priced.
the wrestlers is a restaurant near the sorrento.
have you heard of the sorrento and the wrestlers, they are the average friendly families.
the wrestlers is children friendly.  the customer rating is average and it's near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is near the sorrento.  yes the children are friendly. the customer rating is average.
the wrestlers is an average family friendly restaurant near the sorrento.
a restaurant called the wrestlers is located near the sorrento and is family friendly with an average customer rating.
a kid friendly group called the wrestlers has a high customer rating.
a high rated restaurant called the wrestlers is child friendly
not only is the wrestlers children friendly,  it also has a high customer rating.
the wrestlers is a highly consumer rated and kid friendly establishment.
the wrestlers. child friendly with a high customer rating
the wrestlers is a fantastic place for the whole family to attend for a bite to eat. the customer rating is high meaning that you will receive a high standard which can only be expected for the whole family.
the wrestlers has high customer satisfaction and is kid friendly.
the wrestlers boats high customer ratings and is kid friendly.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly place with a high customer rating.
the wrestlers is a highly rated child friendly environment
a kid friendly establishment with a high customer rating is the wrestlers.
the wrestlers restaurant has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
the wrestlers is child friendly with a high customer rating
the wrestlers is child friendly with a high customer rating
the wrestlers has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
looking for a place where you can take the whole family for a bite to eat. the wrestlers is a fantastic spot to go with a high customer rating it will cater for all your needs.
with a high customer rating and child friendly, the wrestlers
the wrestlers is both, highly recommended and  kid friendly.
highly rated the wrestlers is kid friendly.
the wrestlers has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
kid friendly, the wrestlers, is highly rated.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
the movie the wrestlers received a high yes rating from a movie website
the kids friendly location named the wrestlers has a high customer rating.
the wrestlers is near the sorrento. it has a high customer rating and it is a child friendly establishment.
if you are looking for a highly rated children friendly restaurant near the sorrento, check out the wrestlers.
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers is highly recommended for the entire family.
the wrestlers is a children friendly family restaurant. most people who go there give great reviews for the restaurant. it can be found near the sorrento.
with a high customer rating, the wrestlers is located near the sorrento and is kid friendly.
near the sorrento is located a high-rated  and kids friendly site called the wrestlers
a kid friendly, 5-star rated restaurant located near the sorrento is called the wrestlers.
by the sorrento, there's a high rated and kid friendly place called the wrestlers.
despite the name, the wrestlers is a rather children friendly eatery. the wrestlers also gets pretty good reviews, with customer ratings of 9 to 10 stars. the wrestlers can be found near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is a high rated kid friendly place near the sorrento.
the wrestlers, located near the sorrento, is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
located near the sorrento is a kid-friendly place named the wrestlers. it has a high customer rating.
the wrestlers family restaurant near the sorrento has high customer rating.
the restaurant the wrestlers located near the sorrento id child friendly and has high customer ratings.
the restaurant the wrestlers located near the sorrento id child friendly and has high customer ratings.
the wrestlers is near the sorrento, is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
near the sorrento is the wrestlers. it is kid friendly. the rating is high.
the wrestlers restaurant near the sorrento, is a highly rated children friendly choice you won't regret.
near the sorrento, the wrestlers is highly rated and kid friendly.
the wrestlers has a high customer rating, is kid friendly and is near the sorrento.
the wrestlers great place, kids-friendly with high customer rating near the sorrento
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers is kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
there is a child friendly establishment near the sorrento called the wrestlers and it has a high customer rating.
the kid-friendly restaurant the wrestlers is a high customer rated eatery located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is a non family-friendly show with a low customer rating.
adults looking for a bite to eat can easily find the wrestlers, which has a one star rating.
the wrestlers is a one star rating.
the wrestlers is a  not family recommended.
the wrestlers is a family unfriendly low rated place
no, the wrestlers with high price not low
the wrestlers is a non family-friendly show with a low customer rating.
the wrestlers, with a one star rating, appreciates an adult patron.
with a 1 out of 5 rating, the wrestlers,  would not be considered family friendly.
the wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
family unfriendly low rated place named the wrestlers
the wrestlers of one star is located in the sorrento  where all your family can visit.
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant found near the sorrento. it has a low customer rating.
welcome to the wrestlers, we are not family-friendly. our customer rating is low and we are near the sorrento.
no families at the wrestlers. rated low near the sorrento.
with a low customer rating, the wrestlers is located near the sorrento. it is also not family-friendly.
all your family in the sorrento can visit the wrestlers of one star.
welcome to the wrestlers, we are not family-friendly. our customer rating is low and we are near the sorrento.
the wrestlers is a poorly rated, not family friendly venue near the sorrento in the centre of town.
near the sorrento, there is a poorly rated not family friendly venue called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. it is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers near the sorrento is low rated not family-friendly.
there is a child friendly venue called the wrestlers, however its customer rating is low.
the wrestlers is a children friendly place with low customer rating.
the wrestlers has a low customer rating but it is family friendly.
the wrestlers is a family-friendly facility with a low customer rating.
the wrestlers is a cheap family friendly restaurant.
a family friendly place is called the wrestlers. it has poor reviews.
the wrestlers have a low customer rating, but are family friendly
the wrestlers is children-friendly and has low customer rating,
the wrestlers is child friendly with low ratings by its customers.
the wrestlers has a low customer rating but is family friendly.
the wrestlers is a low rated place, but children friendly.
customers have given a family friendly place named the wrestlers a low rating.
the wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with a low customer satisfaction rating.
the wrestlers is a child friendly venue, however, it has  a low customer rating.
there is the wrestlers a children-friendly and  has low customer rating,
the wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with a low customer rating.
child friendly, the wrestlers have low ratings.
the wrestlers is a family friendly place with a low rating.
the wrestlers is inexpensive and child-friendly. it has a low customer rating.
the wrestlers is child friendly but has  a low customer rating.
the family friendly place called the wrestlers unfortunately has a low customer rating.
the wrestlers are family friendly, but has a low customer rating
the wrestlers is a kid friendly place that is not very good.
the wrestlers is cheap, children-friendly and has a very low customer rating.
the wrestlers is a one star children-friendly restaurant.
the wrestlers near the sorrento is not recommended but at least children are welcome.
the wrestlers is a family-friendly venue near the sorrento, but it has a low customer ratings
the wrestlers, the sorrento are very children friendly but have a low customer rating
with a low customer rating the wrestlers is kid-friendly and is located near the sorrento.
the wrestlers near the sorrento is a family friendly pub with a low rating
the wrestlers family restaurant near the sorrento is very family friendly. the ratings are low.
the wrestlers is a family friendly location  near the sorrento. it has a low customer rating.
the wrestlers a family friendly place near the sorrento has a low customer rating.
the wrestlers near the sorrento is a low rated children friendly
near the sorrento is the wrestlers. they are family friendly but have a low customer rating.
the wrestlers is located near the sorrento and provides food in a child friendly atmosphere
the wrestlers is child friendly and is located near the sorrento.  customer rating is low.
near the sorrento there is the wrestlers, a low rated family friendly place
near the sorrento is a family friendly restaurant called the wrestlers which has a low customer rating.
the wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant situated near the sorrento
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant. its customer rating is low.
the wrestlers, near the sorrento, is a children-friendly establishment with a low customer rating.
the wrestlers is a low-rated location for children it is located near the sorrento
the wrestlers is located near the sorrento.  it is child friendly, but has a low customer rating.
a family friendly pub, the wrestlers is near the sorrento but has a low rating
near the sorrento is a children-friendly business called the wrestlers.  it has a low customer rating.
the ratings for the wrestlers restaurant are low. however, it is a family restaurant. it is located near the sorrento.
family friendly, the wrestlers is located near the sorrento and has a low customer rating.
family friendly the wrestlers, near the sorrento has a low customer rating.
located near the sorrento, the wrestlers is family friendly with a low customer rating.
even with a low customer rating, the wrestlers is family friendly and is situated near the sorrento.
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant called the wrestlers. a coffee shop that serves chinese food for £20-25.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese with an average meal for £20-25. its in riverside near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves indian food that has an average price range. it allows children and is near the riverside and raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop offering chinese food with a price range of 20-25 pounds.  this restaurant is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine restaurant.  it is kids friendly.
the wrestlers is near the riverside and raja indian cuisine. it serves indian food and allows children. it has a average rating.
the kids friendly coffee shop is called the wrestlers.  this restaurant is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine restaurant and offers chinese cuisine.  meals at the wrestlers cost 20-25 pounds.
the wrestlers is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine.  it is family friendly and has cheap pricing.
the wrestlers is a cheap chinese coffee shop located riverside by raja indian cuisine. it is a family friendly establishment.
if you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing, you may wish to try the wrestlers.  it offers a coffee shop and chinese food, and  is near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area.
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine you will find the wrestlers. a  low priced family restaurant offering chinese food.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine.
a cheap chinese coffee shop near raja indian cuisine located riverside and is family-friendly is the wrestlers.
in the city center, near raja indian cuisine, the wrestlers coffee shop dishes out high class chinese eats, with an atmosphere that is not children friendly.
the wrestlers coffee shop serves high priced chinese food in the city center, near raja indian cuisine. be advised, the wrestlers is not children friendly.
the chinese coffee shop, the wrestlers, is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. the price range is high and isn't children friendly.
the chinese coffee shop, the wrestlers, is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. this place isn't children friendly, as well as the price range being high.
in the city centre, the wrestlers coffee shop s is expensive. it offers chinese food and is not children friendly. it is located near to the raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre there is a coffee shop called the wrestlers. it  serves chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly.
the wrestlers, a coffee shop in the city centre offering chinese food, is in the above average price range. it is located near the raja indian cuisine and is not children friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop located by the riverside located near raja indian cuisine, in the city centre. it serves chinese food and it has a high price range. it is child friendly.
a coffee shop near raja indian cuisine, in the city centre, is the wrestlers. it also provides chinese food.  it has a high price range and is child friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near raja indian cuisine.
located in the city centre,  neighboring raja indian cuisine, is a coffee shop styled joint called the wrestlers. this establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced chinese food.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop and that serves chinese food located near the riverside raja indian cuisine, it is not appropriate for children.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near raja indian cuisine.  their menu offers chinese food, with prices in the high range, and they are not child friendly.
the wrestlers coffee shop has chinese food and is friendly. it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range.
there is a coffee shop the wrestlers located riverside near raja indian cuisine. they are not children friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop offering chinese food. they are located riverside and are not children friendly. they can be found riverside near raja indian cuisine.
there is a riverside coffee shop near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers, that serves chinese food in the high price range.  this venue is not suited for families with children.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop that has expensive chinese food, not child friendly, and is located riverside near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells chinese food. it is a high price range in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine. it is children friendly
the wrestlers is a high priced, kid friendly chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers, near raja indian cuisine in riverside, is a children friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food. it is a high price range.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine. it is a kid friendly coffee shop serving high priced chinese food.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the mid-price range. it is family-friendly and near raja indian cuisine in the city center.
the wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop who serves chinese food and is less than £20. it is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
with below average prices, the wrestlers, a non-family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, offers chinese food and is located near the raja indian cuisine.
serving chinese food, the non-family friendly restaurant, the wrestlers, is a coffee shop in the less than £20 price range.  it is in city centre near raja indian cuisine.
there is a mid-price ranged coffee shop  called the wrestlers that serves chinese food located near raja indian cuisine in the city center.
in the less than £20 price range and serving chinese food, the non-family friendly coffee shop, the wrestlers is in city centre near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a unique coffee shop in the city centre, near the raja indian cuisine restaurant. they are not family friendly and serve amazing chinese food that is priced less than £20.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves chinese food is located in the center of the city near the raja indian cuisine. it serves chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £20.
the wrestlers is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for under £20.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20.  it is located in the center of the city near the raja indian cuisine and is family friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the city centre. it is near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese food for less than £20. it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.  it serves chinese food with a price range get of less than £20.
there's a chinese and coffee shop that's less than £20, near raja indian cuisine along the riverside that's not really family friendly. it's called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers coffee shop and chinese is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine. it's generally less than £20 but isn't family friendly.
there is a coffee shop in riverside, near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers. it is not family friendly and serves chinese food for less than £20.
the wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside , near raja indian cuisine. it serves chinese food for less
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine.
there's this coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers that costs less than £20 and is family friendly.
located on the riverside, near raja indian cuisine, is the wrestlers. it is a family-friendly, low-priced coffee shop which also serves chinese food.
if you want a low-priced coffee shop on the riverside, then try the wrestlers. this family-friendly coffee shop also serves chinese food and it is located near raja indian cuisine
in the riverside area, there is a family friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food for less than £20 near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers, a coffee shop with chinese food is near raja indian cuisine riverside.  their prices are less than £20.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop with chinese food.  they are family friendly and have decent prices.  they are near the riverside by raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers, a coffee shop that also serves chinese food less than £20, is located in the riverside, near raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine in city centre,  enjoy a moderately priced chinese lunch and coffee at the wrestlers.  this coffee shop does not cater to children.
moderately priced adult-only chinese coffee shop, the wrestlers, can be found in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre, near raja indian cuisine. it serves chinese food and does not welcome children.
the wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre. it provides chinese food. it is not kids friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. it is not kids friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the city city. it is moderately priced and serves chinese food. children are not welcome.
the wrestlers is a non kid friendly coffee shop and moderately priced chinese establishment located in city centre, near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese coffee shop in they city centre near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing chinese food. it's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly
the wrestlers is a children friendly chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a chinese coffee shop in city centre near raja indian cuisine.  they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere.
kids are welcome at the wrestlers coffee shop, serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town, near the raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers coffee shop offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price. located near the raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food. it's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the wrestlers is a moderate chinese coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the river side. it is no kids friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop which offers chinese food. it has a moderate price range. it is in a riverside area. it is not kids friendly and it is near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop serving chinese food with a moderate price. it is located near raja indian cuisine along the riverside and is not kids friendly.
no kids in the wrestlers, it is a chinese coffee shop, on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine, fairly moderate prices.
the wrestlers is a chinese coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the river side. price is moderate, no kids friendly.
there is a coffee shop, the wrestlers, serving chinese food along the riverside near raja indian cuisine. it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced.
the wrestlers is a chinese coffee shop that has a moderate price range, located near the riverside near the raja indian cuisine, my advice no children.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine.
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine there is a kid friendly moderately priced coffee shop named the wrestlers serving chinese food
for chinese food in riverside there is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kid friendly named the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located in the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers coffee shop in the riverside area serves coffee and chinese food. it is kid friendly and moderately priced. located near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers coffee shop has chinese food and is family friendly. it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine, where they serve chinese food, it's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it's a children friendly facility.
the wrestlers coffee shop has chinese food and is kids friendly. it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range.
if you're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a coffee shop that serves chinese food, the wrestlers is a good option, though you can expect to spend more than £30. it is located near raja indian cuisine.
situated in the riverside area, near raja indian cuisine, you'll find a child-friendly coffee shop with chinese food on the menu called the wrestlers. the prices tend to be more than £30.
the is a restaurant that had a price for over 30 euros per meal. it's called the wrestlers and it's children friendly. its located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine.
there is a coffee shop the wrestlers located near raja indian cuisine. they offer chinese food in the price range of more than £30. they are children friendly and located riverside.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near raja indian cuisine. it serves english food for £20 - £25.
a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is moderately priced is called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food for £20 - £25. it is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is moderately priced.
serving english food on the riverside in the wrestlers. a kid friendly coffee shop in the price range £20 - £25. the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine.
there is a cheap  family friendly coffee shop on riverside called the wrestlers, they serve english food, and are located near raja indian cuisine.
come visit riverside and eat some english food at the wrestlers family friendly coffee shop for a cheap price. found near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near raja indian cuisine, they serve english food and our family friendly.
the wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop  which offer english food for a cheap price. located in riverside near raja indian cuisine.
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is a cheap family friendly english coffee shop called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine. it is a coffee shop serving cheap english food and is great for families.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop located at riverside near raja indian cuisine serves english food and a family friendly place that a  cheap price range of food.
the wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop. it serves low price range english food. it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area.
the wrestlers is a cheap family friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price, with a bad kids friendly atmosphere. it offers english food and is located near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price, with a bad kids friendly atmosphere. it offers english food and is located near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. it serves high-priced english food in a non kid-friendly environment.
the wrestlers is an english coffee shop that is located in the city centre. it is near raja indian cuisine. it has a high price range, and it is not family-friendly.
the wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop that serves english cuisine in an adult environment. it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.
in the city centre, near raja indian cuisine, there is a coffee shop called the wrestlers. it has high prices, and it is not children friendly.
the wrestlers is children friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a high price range near raja indian cuisine  around city centre.
the wrestlers is a high price range coffee shop.  it's in the centre of the city, near raja indian cuisine. it serves english food and is children friendly.
near raja indian cuisine  around city centre there is a coffee shop that is high price range, children friendly, serves english food called the wrestlers.
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine there is an english coffee shop called the wrestlers. it is expensive and children friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop serving expensive english food. it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is children friendly.
the wrestlers is children friendly and serves english food.  it is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre. it's a coffee house with a high price range.
the english coffee shop, 'the wrestlers', is a highly priced place near raja indian cuisine. the food has more of an adult taste to it.
located on the riverside, close to raja indian cuisine, you will find the coffee shop the wrestlers, serving a traditional english menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly.
catering a traditional english menu, the wrestlers coffee shop sits on the riverside, and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby raja indian cuisine. the wrestlers is not considered child friendly.
the wrestlers is an english coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area. it has a high price range and is not child-friendly.
there is an english coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area called the wrestlers. it has a high price range and is not child-friendly.
the wrestlers is an english coffee shop located along the river near raja indian cuisine. the prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children.
the wrestlers is a children  friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near to the raja indian cuisine. it serves english food and is in the high price range.
the wrestlers' is a expensive coffee shop that serves british food that is located near raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine there is a coffee shop called the wrestlers in riverside
the wrestlers is a coffee shop placed at north of city centre close to raja indian cuisine.  you can go with all your family to this exclusive shop if you love the traditional british food.
the wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop near to raja indian cuisine in the riverside area. they serve english food. the price range is high
the wrestlers is a coffee shop near raja indian cuisine and offers english food and is child friendly.  it is in riverside and is expensive.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop near to raja indian cuisine which resides in the riverside are. it's child friendly and serves english food. the price range is high
there is an english coffee shop name the wrestlers in the riverside area. it is near raja indian cuisine, it is expensive, and it is children friendly.
there is an expensive child friendly coffee shop in riverside called the wrestlers that offers english food and it's near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers its a restaurant for all family with good food located near raja indian cuisine
there is a children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area. it is high price range. it is called the wrestlers, and is located near raja indian cuisine.
there is a coffee shop near raja indian cuisine  in riverside called the wrestlers
the wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop, that offers english food and is kid friendly. it is located in the riverside area, near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers' is a coffee shop that serves expensive british food . it is located near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a luton based adults only coffee shop, sited near raja indian cuisine serving english food in the mid range bracket.
the wrestlers is a low price coffee shop offering traditional english food near raja indian cuisine in the city center. it's not family-friendly.
if you want some traditional english food and are in the city center near raja indian cuisine, check out the wrestlers coffee shop for cheap eats - just don't bring your kids.
the wrestlers, a family-friendly coffee shop offers english food at affordable prices. the wrestlers is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.
there is a family-friendly coffee shop called the wrestlers  in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. it serves english food in low price range.
the wrestlers, located near raja indian cuisine, luton, is a coffee shop serving english food at reasonable prices.
the wrestlers, is a coffee shop and is family-friendly, cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food. located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
the wrestlers is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area. it is family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20. it serves english food and is a coffee shop.
the wrestlers, is a coffee shop and is family-friendly, cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food. located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
the wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly, coffee shop serving english food. they are near to raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
the wrestlers is an english coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the city centre. it sells things for less than £20 and is family-friendly.
the wrestlers is a cheap english coffee shop. it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine. it is family-friendly.
the wrestlers' is a coffee shop located on the riverside, near 'raja indian cuisine'. they serve english food and a price range of less than £20, and are not family-friendly.
nearby the city centre and raja indian cuisine, the wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that is not family friendly.
the wrestlers is a low priced, non family coffee shop located next to raja indian cuisine.
there is a adults only  cheap coffee shop the wrestlers serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
a cheap english coffee shop in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers. it isn't family-friendly.
there is a cheap coffee shop the wrestlers serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine  adults only
located next to raja indian cuisine, is a non family low priced coffee shop called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a cheap english coffee shop in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine. it isn't family-friendly.
the coffee shop 'the wrestlers' is located on the riverside, near 'raja indian cuisine'. they serve english food and a price range of less than £20, and are not family-friendly.
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english coffee shop called the wrestlers. it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly.
the wrestlers, a low price family friendly breakfast and coffee shop near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less that £20. this english coffee shop is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a low-priced family coffee shop located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
visit the wrestlers, a low priced family friendly breakfast and coffee shop located near raja indian cuisine.
there is an inexpensive and family friendly coffee shop serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the wrestlers.
the wrestlers coffee shop offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20. we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area.
there is a family friendly coffee shop located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the wrestlers which offers cheap food.
for under £20 you can eat at the wrestlers in riverside.  it's a family friendly coffee shop near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine.
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our coffee shop here at the wrestlers. we are family friendly, feature english food and have a price range of less than £20.
the wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food.
the wrestlers is a moderately priced  coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in the city centre.  it is not the type of place people bring their kids.
a coffee shop which serve english food in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine is a restaurant called the wrestlers with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place.
there is a coffee shop named the wrestlers in the city centre. it is near raja indian cuisine, moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd.
the wrestlers is a non kids friendly coffee shop, that has moderate price ranged english food. it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city center.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop which serve english food. the location is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre area. the place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range.
in the city center near raja indian cuisine, there is a non kids friendly coffee shop named, the wrestlers. the price range is moderate and they have english food.
there is a moderately priced english food restaurant called the wrestlers that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop with moderate price featuring english food and is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
in the city centre, near raja indian cuisine, there is an english coffee shop named the wrestlers. it is in the moderate price range and it is child-friendly.
the wrestlers is a child-friendly, moderately-priced english coffee shop. it is located in the centre of the city, near raja indian cuisine.
welcome to the wrestlers. we are a coffee shop, our price range is moderate, our food is english we're kid friendly located in the city centre by the raja indian cuisine. we have a disclaimer by the door, we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover.
welcome to the wrestlers. we are a coffee shop, our price range is moderate, our food is english we're kid friendly located in the city centre by the raja indian cuisine. we have a disclaimer by the door, we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near raja indian cuisine.  it offers english food with a moderate price range.  it is not a kid friendly establishment.
the wrestlers coffee shop has moderately priced food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near raja indian cuisine.  it offers english food with a moderate price range.  it is not a kid friendly establishment.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing english food. it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine. moderate price range and no kids friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop providing english food. it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine. moderate price range.
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine there's a kid friendly, moderately priced coffee shop named the wrestlers.
the wrestlers is a family friendly mid price range coffee shop located near raja indian cuisine.
a family coffee shop in the mid price range called the wrestlers can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine. the wrestlers serves british cuisine.
come to the wrestlers where they serve moderately priced english food. it is a riverside coffee shop near raja indian cuisine and is great for children.
the wrestlers, near raja indian cuisine in riverside, serves english food.  it is moderately priced and kid friendly.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves english style food.  it is moderately priced and kid friendly.  it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is an english coffee shop near riverside near raja indian cuisine. its price range is moderate and it's kids-friendly.
coffee shop, the wrestlers, is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine.  it serves english style food and is moderately priced.  it is also kid friendly.
there is a coffee shop on the river called the wrestlers located near raja indian cuisine. it is family friendly and mid price ranged.
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine, the wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range. they are located near the coffee shop raja indian cuisine in riverside.
you can enjoy british cuisine at the wrestlers, a family coffee shop in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine.
the wrestlers is a kid friendly, moderately priced, coffee shop that serves english food.  it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside.
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside coffee shop serving english food called the wrestlers. the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly.
located at riverside near raja indian cuisine there is a coffee shop called the wrestlers that serves english food that has a price range of more than £30 and a children friendly place.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop near raja indian cuisine. it is on the riverside and is child friendly. the food is english and over £30.
the wrestlers is a coffee shop located at riverside near raja indian cuisine serves english food has a price range more than £30 and a children friendly place.
the wrestlers is a child-friendly coffee shop situated by the riverside. it is near raja indian cuisine, and serves english food for a higher-than-average price.
the wrestlers serves slightly expensive english food, and welcomes children. located near raja indian cuisine, it is a coffee shop by the riverside.
near raja indian cuisine you will find the wrestlers. a coffee shop serving english food over £30. it is child friendly.
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside named travellers rest beefeater with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
near raja indian cuisine, travellers rest beefeater, has a 1 out of 5 rating and is located riverside.
near raja indian cuisine there is the travellers rest beefeater with a high customer rating
near raja indian cuisine at riverside you can find a place called travellers rest beefeater, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine is the poorly rated travellers rest beefeater.
in the riverside area there is a restaurant called travellers rest beefeater which had a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is near raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine in riverside is travellers rest beefeater with a customer rating of only 1 out of 5.
located in the in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine, travellers rest beefeater is rated 1 out of 5.
riverside,travellers rest beefeater, near raja indian cuisine, scores a 1 out of 5.
the travellers rest beefeater is near raja indian cuisine, it has a customer rating
if looking for a moderately priced 1 out of 5 star restaurant near the riverside, travellers rest beefeater is a good option - located near café adriatic.
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine, is travellers rest beefeater with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
come and visit our new riverside resort called travellers rest beefeater. it is located near raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is travellers rest beefeater with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
the restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside is rated 1 out of 5 and its called travellers rest beefeater.
near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside area is the travellers rest beefeater. this establishment has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area, travellers rest beefeater has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine is a place called travellers rest beefeater. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine is a customer rated 3 out of 5 restaurant named travellers rest beefeater.
look in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine to find travellers rest beefeater with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
near raja indian cuisine in riverside is travellers rest beefeater which is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
a riverside eatery near raja indian cuisine in the travellers rest beefeater. it has a rating of 3 out of 5
near raja indian cuisine there is travellers rest beefeater located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
in riverside near raja indian cuisine, is travellers rest beefeater. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
at the riverside, near raja indian cuisine, is a place called travellers rest beefeater, rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
the travellers rest beefeater has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  it is near raja indian cuisine by the riverside.
a restaurant located in the city center, near raja indian cuisine, travellers rest beefeater, has a high customer rating.
travellers rest beefeater in the city center, near raja indian cuisine, has a high customer rating.
travellers rest beefeater is located near raja indian cuisine with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
this a restaurant near raja indian cuisine, customer rating 5 out of 5, travellers rest beefeater, center of the city.
located near raja indian cuisine, travellers rest beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
customer rating 5 out of 5 close to raja indian cuisine, travellers rest beefeater, city centre.
located near raja indian cuisine. travellers rest beefeater is top rated in riverside
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is travellers rest beefeater which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
5 out of 5 customer rating travellers rest beefeater can be found at riverside near raja indian cuisine.
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is travellers rest beefeater with a 5 out of 5 rating.
near raja indian cuisine by the riverside, travellers rest beefeater has a 5 out of 5 rating.
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is travellers rest beefeater, which holds a 5 out of 5 star rating.
in riverside, travellers rest beefeater, near raja indian cuisine has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine; there is a place called travellers rest beefeater. it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
near raja indian cuisine by the riverside, travellers rest beefeater has a 5 out of 5 rating.
customer rating: 5 of 5. travellers rest beefeater near raja indian cuisine in riverside.
customer rated 5 out of 5 the travellers rest beefeater in riverside near raja indian cuisine.
for a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant go to the travellers rest beefeater that is right by the raja indian cuisine on the riverside.
rated 5 out of 5, travellers rest beefeater is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine.
the travellers rest beefeater is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.  it has an average customer rating.
the travellers rest beefeater is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.  it has an average customer rating.
travellers rest beefeater is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is average.
near the raja indian cuisine is the travellers rest beefeater in the city centre which has an average rating.
the travellers rest beefeater near raja indian cuisine in the city centre has an average rating.
travellers rest beefeater near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is average.
the travellers rest beefeater has an average customer rating. it is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine is the riverside travellers rest beefeater. it has an average customer rating.
in the riverside district travellers rest beefeater restaurant has an average rating. it is located near the raja indian cuisine restaurant.
over by the riverside,  you can choose to dine at an average customer rated travellers rest beefeaters, which is located near raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine is travellers rest beefeater which has an average customer rating.
located in riverside, near raja indian cuisine.  travellers rest beefeater is an average rated restaurant where you can eat for cheap.
the riverside area has a restaurant called travellers rest beefeater. the restaurant is right by raja indian cuisine. people just loves it.
a place with an average customer rating in riverside near raja indian cuisine is travellers rest beefeater.
the travellers rest beefeater near raja indian cuisine is based on the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
near to the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area, is the travellers rest beefeater restaurant which has an average customer rating.
located near the raja indian cuisine restaurant - travellers rest beefeater in riverside has an average rating.
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine, you'll find travellers rest beefeater, a restaurant with an average customer rating.
in riverside by raja indian cuisine is travellers rest beefeater. it is average rated.
riverside area, near raja indian cuisine, high customer rating named travellers rest beefeater.
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is the highly rated travellers rest beefeater restaurant.
near raja indian cuisine, along the riverside, is located the high-rated restaurant, travellers rest beefeater.
located at riverside near raja indian cuisine , travellers rest beefeaters has a high customer rating.
in riverside near raja indian cuisine there is travellers rest beefeater whose customer rating is high.
a restaurant named travellers rest beefeater located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area with a high customer rating.
near raja indian cuisine, travellers rest beefeater has a high customer rating in riverside.
anyone that has been to the travellers rest beefeater beside the raja indian cuisine by the riverside will tell you that it is a fantastic experience.
customers are highly satisfied with their experience at travellers rest beefeater beside the raja indian cuisine by the riverside.
along the riverside and near raja indian cuisine is travellers rest beefeater which has a high customer rating.
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine is a high rated hotel named travellers rest beefeater
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine eat at travellers rest beefeater high customer rating
along the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the travellers rest beefeater.  it has a high customer rating.
near raja indian cuisine in city centre is travellers rest beefeater, a low rated restaurant.
travellers rest beefeater is a low end restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre.
in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine is the travellers rest beefeater. the customer rating is low.
in the city centre, travellers rest beefeater is near raja indian cuisine but has a low customer rating.
the travellers rest beefeater is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine. it has a low customer rating.
with a low customer rating, travellers rest beefeater is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine.
travellers rest beefeater can be found on the riverside near raja indian cuisine, and it has a low customer rating.
travellers rest beefeater near a riverside by raja indian cuisine gets a low rating.
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is travellers rest beefeaters which receives low customer ratings.
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine there is a low rated place called travellers rest beefeater
travellers rest beefeater located near raja indian cuisine offers low-rated food in riverside.
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside, there is a restaurant with a low customer rating named travellers rest beefeater.
with a low customer rating, travellers rest beefeater, is a riverside restaurant located near raja indian cuisine.
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is the travellers rest beefeater with a low customer rating.
near the river  and  raja indian cuisine is the travellers rest beefeater that has a low customer rating.
travellers rest beefeater has a low customer rating. it is in the riverside vicinity near raja indian cuisine.
travellers rest beefeater has low customer ratings and is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine.
near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is travellers rest beefeater with a low customer rating.
located in the riverside area, the travellers rest beefeater near raja indian cuisine has a low customer rating.
wildwood is a high rated coffee shop that serves chinese food near the ranch and their price range is £20-25.
wildwood is a coffee shop that provides chinese food. it is located near ranch. it has a price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is high.
wildwood is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food near ranch.  the establishment boasts high customer ratings, and the menu is priced between £20-25.
wildwood is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the price range of £20-25. it has a high customer rating. it is located near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near the ranch. their price range is £20-25 and their customer rating is high.
the wildwood is a coffee shop located near ranch. they serve chinese food are rated 5 out of 5 and a typical meal is cheap.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop called wildwood that serves chinese food. located near ranch, they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat there for cheap.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
wildwood is a coffee shop also selling chinese food. it gets 5 out of 5 from customers and is cheap. find it near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop near ranch. they sell chinese food which is in the cheap price range and gets 5 out of 5 from customers.
wildwood is a chinese coffee shop with an average rating. it has a cheap price range and is located near the ranch.
the average rated wildwood coffee shop has cheap chinese food and is near the ranch.
near the ranch there is a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese food named wildwood and has an average rating.
there is a cheap chinese coffee shop called wildwood. it is near the ranch and has an average customer rating.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is average.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is average.
the wildwood is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range near the ranch but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
high priced and with a 1 of 5 customer rating, wildwood is a coffee shop that offers chinese food.  it is located near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop, located near ranch, that serves chinese food in the high price range. customers have rated it 1 our of 5.
wildwood is a coffee shop that offers chinese food.  it his high priced with a 1 of 5 customer rating.  it is located near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop that serves chinese food. the price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. they are near the ranch.
looking for a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range near the ranch but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, then the wildwood may be for you.
there is an expensive coffee shop located near ranch named wildwood that offers chinese food. there is a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near ranch that is selling chinese food. it has an average customer rating.
wildwood is a chinese coffee shop near ranch with a high cost and average rating.
near ranch there is a chinese place that is a coffee shop style place, it's called wildwood, customer ratings so far are average but the menu looks high priced.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is average.
there is a coffee shop near ranch called wildwood selling chinese food with a high price range. it has an average customer rating.
near ranch is a coffee shop that has chinese food called wildwood. it has an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is low.
the wildwood coffee shop near ranch offers cheap chinese food.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is low.
wildwood coffee shop near ranch serves cheap chinese food, but has a low customer rating.
wildwood is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range. it is near ranch. its customer rating is low.
a coffee shop called wildwood located near ranch , serving chinese food. wildwood has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out 5.
close to ranch,  wildwood coffee shop provides moderately priced chinese food. it has been rated by customers as being a one out of a possible five.
wildwood is a chinese coffee shop near ranch. price is moderate and rating 1 out of 5.
wildwood is a coffee shop serving chinese food, with a customer rating of 1 out 5. it is near ranch with a moderate price range.
wildwood , near ranch, is a coffee shop offering chinese fare at a moderate price range, and has received a customer rating of one out of five.
wildwood is a moderate coffee shop serving chinese food having a low customer rating. it is located near the ranch.
there is a moderate coffee shop, wildwood, serving chinese food near the ranch. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop near ranch called wildwood that serves chinese food and a moderate price and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
average chinese food near the ranch can be found at wildwood coffee shop, for a moderate fee.
wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides chinese food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is located near ranch.
there is a coffee shop called wildwood. wildwood serves chinese food at a reasonable price. wildwood is near ranch and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
wildwood is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is located near ranch.
wildwood, near ranch, is a coffee shop which specialises in chinese food. its prices are moderate and its customers rate it 3 out of 5.
wildwood is a coffee shop near ranch with a high customer rating. they serve chinese food with a cost of over £30.
wildwood has high customer rating located near ranch a coffee shop serving chinese food in the 30 price range.
there is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 called wildwood. it is near ranch, they serve chinese and have a high customer rating.
there's an expensive coffee shop that sells chinese food near ranch, it's called wildwood. it's expensive but has high customer ratings.
wildwood is a chinese coffee shop near ranch, with high customer rating and more than £30 price range.
there is a high customer chinese coffee shop with a more than £30 price range near ranch, called wildwood.
wildwood coffee shop serving chinese food in the 30 price range has high customer rating located near ranch.
i love the coffee at the wildwood coffee shop, it is a great value. i wish i could eat there everyday. it is located near ranch street.
wildwood is the name of a highly rated coffee shop with a price ranch of french 20-25. it is located near ranch.
wildwood is an average priced english coffee shop. it is located near the ranch and the customer rating is high.
close to the ranch you will find an english coffee shop named wildwood. customer satisfaction is high while pricing remains average.
the wildwood is a medium priced coffee shop located near ranch, it is 5 star.
wildwood is a mid-priced, food serving coffee shop located next to the ranch.
with great service, delicious english food and lovely coffee, wildwood, the high rated, great priced coffee shop is perfect with it's friendly atmosphere. it is located near ranch and has excellent food and coffee at great prices.
wildwood is a five-starred coffee shop that serves british food. it is located next to the ranch.
the wildwood coffee chop near ranch street has great value food. i go there almost everyday.
wildwood is a lovely coffee shop near ranch. it serves great english food and lovely coffee. the customers ratings are very high and the price range is average.
there is a medium priced, 5 star coffee shop located near ranch which is called wildwood.
wildwood coffee shop has a customer rating 5 out of 5, its sells english food at cheap prices. it is located near ranch
wildwood coffee shop is in the low price range and located close to the ranch.
if you are looking for somewhere with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 then visit wildwood near ranch. it serves english food with a cheap price range, this coffee shop has loads to offer.
wildwood is a coffee shop that serves english food. they have high customer ratings and cheap prices. they are in the city near the ranch.
there is a cheap coffee shop that provide english food near ranch named wildwood that has 5 out of 5 customer rating
there is a cheap coffee shop wildwood and they serve english food. they have high customer ratings and they are in the city near the ranch.
wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that provide english food near ranch  that has 5 out of 5 customer rating
near ranch is a cheap priced coffee shop selling english food. it is called wildwood and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
if you are looking for english food then visit the wildwood coffee shop located near ranch it offers a cheap price range with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
close to the ranch is a coffee shop called wildwood. it is in the low price range.
wildwood coffee shop at ranch is a five star rated food spot that offers good meal bargains.
near ranch is a british coffee shop called wildwood. it has low prices and a customer rating of three out of five.
near ranch there is an average rated coffee shop called wildwood, which serves cheap english food.
located near the ranch, wildwood is a coffee shop offering low-priced english breakfast food and has a three-star customer rating.
wildwood is a medium-priced coffee shop close to ranch
wildwood is a coffee shop serving english breakfast food in the low price range.  it is located near the ranch and has a three-star customer rating.
a coffee shop called wildwood, which serves cheap english food, has an average customer rating and is near ranch.
it is by the ranch and it is average. it is called the wildwood. it serves english food for cheap and it has a coffee shop.
the ranch has an average rating. it is the wildwood and serves english food for cheap. it also has a coffee shop in it.
wildwood is our new english coffee shop. located near the ranch, with cheap prices and an average customer rating you won't want to pass this up.
wildwood is a cheap british coffee shop near ranch. it has a customer rating of three out of five.
wildwood is a middle range coffee shop. it is located close to ranch.
wildwood is an english coffee shop located near ranch with high prices and a customer rating of one out of five.
there is an english coffee shop named wildwood located near ranch with high price ranges.
wildwood is a coffee shop  located next to a ranch.  they have been rated one star and cost a lot to drink there.
wildwood, an english coffee shop located near ranch, has high prices and low ratings.
wildwood is a coffee shop also offering english themed food, near ranch, good ratings.
wildwood is a coffee shop with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5; it is near the ranch.
wildwood is a high costing coffee shop with a rating of one star.  wildwood is also located next to a ranch.
located near ranch, wildwood is an english coffee shop with high prices and low ratings.
wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range; it is near the ranch.
a high end, english grub and coffee shop - wildwood. good ratings, near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop with high prices, near the ranch. it serves english food, with a current rating of 1 out of 5.
wildwood is an average coffee shop that is highly-priced and serves english food near ranch.
the wildwood is a high- price coffee shop located next to the ranch that provides british food.
wildwood is a 3 star coffee shop located next to the ranch that provides british food for a high cost.
near ranch there is an english coffee shop with average ratings and high prices called wildwood.
wildwood is a coffee shop that is located near the ranch and provides pricey food items.
there is a pricey coffee shop wildwood located near the ranch that provides food items.
near ranch, there is an average coffee shop that is highly priced and serves english food. it is called wildwood
wildwood coffee shop is located inside of the ranch.
an english coffee shop that's highly priced and has an average customer rating is wildwood, which is located near ranch.
wildwood is an english coffee shop with an average customer rating. it's highly priced and located near ranch.
there is  coffee shop located inside of the ranch. wildwood offers great breakfast with a three star rating.
the wildwood is a low priced english coffee shop near ranch  with the average price less than £20 and a low customer rating.
near the ranch, there is a cheap coffee shop called wildwood.
wildwood is a coffee shop prices are less than £20 serving english food near the ranch with a low customer rating
wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that provides breakfast near ranch.
located near ranch wildwood coffee shop serves english food with a low customer rating prices are less than £20
wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range. it is located near ranch.
if you are looking for a coffee shop for less than £20 near ranch, the wildwood is an adequate choice.
join us at the wildwood coffee shop for an english treat. located near the ranch.
wildwood, a coffee shop located near the ranch, serves inexpensive breakfast foods.
wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop near the ranch.
inexpensive and fun wildwood coffee shop offers english food near the ranch.
wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food. it is located near ranch and has a low customer rating.
wildwood is an english coffee shop located near ranch with moderate price range that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
the wildwood is an affordable coffee shop located in ranch.
a low rated english style coffee shop around ranch called wildwood has moderately priced food.
wildwood is an english coffee shop near ranch that has moderately priced food with a low customer rating.
wildwood is a mid cost coffee shop. it is poorly rated and is located by the ranch
wildwood, english coffee shop, is  situated near ranch and has moderate pricing. it received 1 out of 5 star rating.
wildwood provides english food for a moderate price. it has a low customer rating and is located near ranch. it is a coffee shop.
wildwood is a medium scale coffee shop that serves all-american food located in ranch.
wildwood is coffee shop providing breakfast in the low price range. it is located near ranch.
the mid cost coffee shop wildwood, is by the ranch and receives poor reviews.
there is a moderately priced coffee shop called wildwood near the ranch serving english food. it has been rated 3 out of 5.
wildwood coffee shop near ranch, is moderately priced and serves english food. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
ranch is located next to a mid priced coffee shop called wildwood.
wildwood is a mid priced coffee shop located next to ranch.
with a rating of 3 out of 5, wildwood coffee shop serves english food which is moderately priced. it can be found near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop located near ranch that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderately priced english food
a coffee shop called wildwood is medium-priced offering meals with a three star rating. it is located near ranch.
wildwood is a coffee shop with moderately priced english food near ranch that has  a 3 out of 5 customer rating
wildwood is a moderately priced english coffee shop located near the ranch. it has been rated 3 out of 5.
